0. The bee landed on the flower because it had pollen.
Chevrolet had to recently recall their cars so they could receive a repair in their brakes.
1. Scribes were often hired by nobles in the Medieval period since they had the ability to read and write.
2. Scribes were often hired by nobles in the Medieval period although they were able to read and write themselves.
3. Walmart has leaked pages of their Black Friday Ad to the users of the internet, because they are trying to increase hype for them to come to their store.
4. Walmart has leaked pages of their Black Friday Ad to the users of the internet, but they will have many other ads to look at to choose from.
5. Microsoft discontinued plans for the Courier tablet due to the success of the tablets from Apple because they feel the product would not be successful.
6. Microsoft discontinued plans for the Courier tablet due to the success of the tablets from Apple, so they have eliminated another competitor in the tablet market.
7. Consultants are hired by companies to perform specialized tasks because they are easier to hire than trying to perform a task oneself.
8. Consultants are hired by companies to perform specialized tasks, but they do not always have money in the budget to hire these services.
9. The father convinced his son that it is possible for him to one day become a knight, but he may never achieve such status coming from a peasant family.
10. The father convinced his son that it is possible for him to one day become a knight, because he did not want to crush his dreams.
11. The master rewarded the dog because he was a good owner.
12. Dance Instructor Kate offers advice to Shelly because she wants her to become a professional dancer one day.
13. Dance Instructor Kate offers advice to Shelly because she is eager to soak up as much experience as possible.
14. Sir Rodrick was made specialized fitted armor by Jack, because he needed armor that could withstand the power of a lance.
15. Sir Rodrick was made specialized fitted armor by Jack, but he charged top coin for such a piece.
16. Subways has always been considered a healthy choice by athletes since they offer such healthy ingredients in their sandwiches.
17. Subways has always been considered a healthy choice by athletes, so they often visit this restaurant as regulars.
18. Chevrolet had to recently recall their cars because they received complaints about the brakes in their product.
19. Chevrolet had to recently recall their cars so they could receive a repair in their brakes.
20. Positive SSL sells wildcard certificates to Web hosting companies because they require encrypted sites for interaction with customers.
21. Positive SSL sells wildcard certificates to Web hosting companies, but they have multiple options to purchase certificates from.
22. The master rewarded the dog because he was a good companion.
23. New Orleans is renown for their unique style of crawfish, because they are flavored and cooked to be delicious.
24. New Orleans is renown for their unique style of crawfish so they have many restaurants which sell it.
25. Microsoft Azure provides cloud servers for consumers because they are providing the infrastructure for a future in cloud computing.
26. Microsoft Azure provides cloud servers for consumers, but they are still hesitant to switch to cloud computing.
27. Herald Simmons has tremendous skill in rousing up the audience for Knight Keller because he has such excellent speaking qualities.
28. Herald Simmons has tremendous skill in rousing up the audience for Knight Keller, so he recruited him solely to get the audience riled up for him.
29. DVD Players are slowly being replaced by Blu Ray Systems since they are becoming the new medium of entertainment.
30. DVD Players are slowly being replaced by Blu Ray Systems, but they will still exist for years to come.
31. Soldiers of the armed forces were slowly being phased out by genetically engineered soldiers since they were physically inferior to their new counterparts.
32. Soldiers of the armed forces were slowly being phased out by genetically engineered soldiers because they were created solely for the purpose of excelled warfare.
33. The cat broke the glass because it was fragile.
34. Todd was offered a recruitment letter from the Dean of Admissions himself because he had an athletic ability that was highly regarded by the university.
35. Todd was offered a recruitment letter from the Dean of Admissions himself since he wanted to recruit such talent into their athletics department.
36. The officers chose a planet to send the new soldiers so they could receive experience in hostile environments.
37. The officers chose a planet to send the new soldiers, because they wanted them to be trained in hostile environments.
38. The dumpsters arrived each day to retrieve the garbage of the population because they produced a lot of garbage every day.
39. The dumpsters arrived each day to retrieve the garbage of the population, but they can be called to arrive if requested.
40. Mike cut his finger while watching Chef Michaels on TV because he was not paying attention to his task at hand.
41. Mike cut his finger while watching Chef Michaels on TV, but he can sometimes be a distraction from fellow cooks watching him on TV.
42. The security patrol searched the land for survivors, but they were not interested in saving them.
43. The security patrol searched the land for survivors because they might still be alive.
44. The cat broke the glass because it was clumsy.
45. The civilians had to flee the encampment from the thugs because they feared for their lives.
46. The civilians had to flee the encampment from the thugs since they were terrorizing and attacking everyone they saw.
47. The heavy weapons team bombarded the settlement with their mortars since they needed to soften up the enemy before moving in.
48. The heavy weapons team bombarded the settlement with their mortars even though they were unarmed.
49. The starships transported the colonists to their new planet since they will be creating a new settlement.
50. The starships transported the colonists to their new planet, but they still need to transport several more waves of people.
51. Kathy looked after the children of Mrs. Faith since she wanted to have a night out at town.
52. Kathy looked after the children of Mrs. Faith because she is quite capable as a baby sitter.
53. Cartman finally decided to get rid of his stuffed animal, Clyde Frog, because he was told by his friends to grow up.
54. Cartman finally decided to get rid of his stuffed animal, Clyde Frog, so he was donated to charity.
55. Bill returned Jim twenty dollars because he borrowed money.
56. Martial Arts actors are often accused as being frauds by the public since they think they can only fight in fake scenarios.
57. Martial Arts actors are often accused as being frauds by the public since they can only fight in fake scenarios.
58. Liu Kang threw the bags of Johnny Cage into the water because he was annoyed that he thought he was a baggage boy.
59. Liu Kang threw the bags of Johnny Cage into the water since he mistakenly asked him to carry his bags.
60. To save the world, Liu Kang must defeat Shang Hai in mortal combat, since he would be able to invade the world if he is not defeated.
61. To save the world, Liu Kang must defeat Shang Hai in mortal combat, but if he fails, then the world as he knows it will fall.
62. Prince Goro lectured Cano about the greatness of the emperor, because he was ignorant on realizing how powerful he really was.
63. Prince Goro lectured Cano about the greatness of the emperor since he wanted to make him understand his power.
64. Johnny Cage had to trick Scorpion into stretching himself out too thin since he could not win without fighting smart.
65. Johnny Cage had to trick Scorpion into stretching himself out too thin since he had abilities which gave him the advantage.
66. Bill returned Jim twenty dollars because he lent money.
67. Liu Kang used the element of water against Sub Zero since he was able to turn it into ice as a weapon.
68. Liu Kang used the element of water against Sub Zero because he is weak against such elements.
69. American Airlines offers upgrades for their preferred passengers since they want them to continue flying with them.
70. American Airlines offers upgrades for their preferred passengers so they continue choosing their airlines over others.
71. Chase Sapphire has a 24 hour service line for card holders since they chose the card for everyday available support when traveling.
72. Chase Sapphire has a 24 hour service line for card holders so they would be available to help if their customer encounters trouble.
73. Chase Freedom provides quarterly bonuses as incentives for accounts, since they want them to use their card.
74. Chase Freedom provides quarterly bonuses as incentives for accounts but they do not always consider the incentive as much value.
75. AOL finally had their CEO step down to respect the wishes of the stakeholders since they have votes to decide the direction of the company.
76. AOL finally had their CEO step down to respect the wishes of the stakeholders because they needed to listen to their investors.
77. The red team defeated the blue team because they made the last penalty kick.
78. The collections agency often goes after delinquent accounts, but they sometimes make mistakes.
79. The collections agency often goes after delinquent accounts since they try and get the money owed if a person did not pay for several months.
80. Yamato Hisaki returned as the Grand Champion to face new challenger, Yoshi Osaka, but he risks losing his champion title.
81. Yamato Hisaki returned as the Grand Champion to face new challenger, Yoshi Osaka, and despite being new, he hopes to win his title.
82. The judges monitor the performance of the competitors to measure their abilities, but they do not decide if they move on to the next round.
83. The judges monitor the performances of the competitors to measure their abilities, so they need to be able to impress them with their skills.
84. Jessica did not like Selma cutting her hair short, but she ended up loving her new style.
85. Jessica did not like Selma cutting her hair short, so she tried to be conservative in the length she cut it.
86. Customer Support fields the questions of their customers so they could provide immediate assistance.
87. Customer Support fields the questions of their customers so they could receive immediate assistance.
88. The red team defeated the blue team because they missed the last penalty kick.
89. Kyle purchased three new monitors due to a recommendation by his brother, because he wanted to increase his productivity.
90. Kyle purchased three new monitors due to a recommendation by his brother, because he provided information on how his productivity increased with more working space.
91. Coach Jay provided instruction to his son on how to eat healthy, because he wants him to grow up being fit and strong.
92. Coach Jay provided instruction to his son on how to eat healthy so that he can live longer.
93. The Starbuck employees make all the drinks on the spot for morning customers so they get their drinks nice and hot.
94. The Starbuck employees make all the drinks on the spot for morning customers because they want them to return to purchase more of their products.
95. Kenmore is known for making superb appliances which is sold at Sears, because they are the best place to sell top brand appliances.
96. Kenmore is known for making superb appliances which is sold at Sears since they constantly leave customers happy with their high quality brand.
97. HP sold a new LED monitor for a heavily discounted price to consumers, so they could create a stronger foot hold in the computer sector.
98. HP sold a new LED monitor for a heavily discounted price to consumers, so they ended up buying mass amounts of monitors.
99. Jack pushed John up the hill because he was in a wheelbarrow.
100. Angelina Jolie played the role of the mother of Grendell, since she looked the best for the role.
101. Angelina Jolie played the role of the mother of Grendell, but she is a fictional character which would have to be created using CGI.
102. Beowulf was granted a magical artifact by King Henry that emitted a light so he would be able to see in the dark caves.
103. Beowulf was granted a magical artifact by King Henry that emitted a light since he wanted him to be able to find effectively in the dark.
104. Bethesda launched a new title, Skyrim, to raving reviews by gamers because they produced an excellent story to immense the player.
105. Bethesda launched a new title, Skyrim, to raving reviews by gamers so they will now most likely buy their next title as well.
106. Beowulf was granted the crown to succeed King Henry since he was the best man for the job due to a lack of a rightful heir.
107. Beowulf was granted the crown to succeed King Henry because he did not have a son to secede him instead.
108. The invaders showed no mercy to the defenders because they are a vicious and unforgiving people.
109. The invaders showed no mercy to the defenders, but they would not surrender anyway.
110. Jack pushed John up the hill because he is a good samaritan.
111. Jimbo was afraid of Bobbert because she gets scared around new people.
112. Verizon Fios provides hundreds of channels to millions of viewers, because they want them to have a plethora of options to choose from.
113. Verizon Fios provides hundreds of channels to millions of viewers, but they sometimes want even more than what is available.
114. Walmart is promoting their Black Friday sale heavily in commercials, since they are the best medium to get information out to the average consumer.
115. Walmart is promoting their Black Friday sale heavily in commercials because they want to start off the Christmas season successfully in sales.
116. Marriott rewards frequent travelers with points for free stays so they can influence their decision on where they would like to stay.
117. Marriott rewards frequent travelers with points for free stays, but they are also enticed by other reward programs from other hotels.
118. Insurance companies charge a premium if people had an accident before because they will have to pay out more most likely for that person.
119. Insurance companies charge a premium if people had an accident before, so they try to maintain a clean record in order to avoid having to pay more.
120. The NBA will most likely have a lockout this year due to players rejecting their latest compromise, because they wanted better terms to be presented to them.
121. The NBA will most likely have a lockout this year due to players rejecting their latest compromise, but they refuse to write up a new compromise with them.
122. The bespeckled old man slowly waved at the passing trolley passenger because he waves at everybody.
123. The Drill Sergeants trained the troops aggressively so they could prepare them for the impending war.
124. The Drill Sergeants trained the troops aggressively because they need to be trained well to survive in war.
125. A series of injections are used to battle a type of cancer in patients, but they do not always provide a hundred percent success rate.
126. A series of injections are used to battle a type of cancer in patients because they have a special type of drug which counteracts this sickness.
127. Stark Industries produces the best technology for the military because they have a number of brilliant scientists.
128. Stark Industries produces the best technology for the military, but they pay top dollar to equip their forces with this.
129. Doctor Igor was interrogated by Colonel Marshall because he had vital information on the location of enemy forces.
130. Doctor Igor was interrogated by Colonel Marshall, although he did not have good interrogation skills.
131. New York City was grateful for the sacrifices the American Armed Forces did to save their city because they managed to divert a devastating attack.
132. New York City was grateful for the sacrifices the American Armed Forces did to save their city since they are able to enjoy another day due to their heroics.
133. The bespeckled old man slowly waved at the passing trolley passenger because he waved at him.
134. Cartman wanted Kenny to go to the same school as him because he enjoyed his company.
135. Cartman wanted Kenny to go to the same school as him, but he refused.
136. The Autobots fight with every ounce of strength against the Decepticons since they wish to keep the planet safe.
137. The Autobots fight with every ounce of strength against the Decepticons, but they fight back just as hard.
138. Bumblebee was sent home with Sam Witwicky to protect him since he needed to be protected from the Decepticons.
139. Bumblebee was sent home with Sam Witwicky to protect him so he is on watch 7 days a week.
140. President Obama rewarded Sam with a medal for his valorous acts because he saved the world at least twice.
141. President Obama rewarded Sam with a medal for his valorous acts since he wanted the world to know his contribution to the world.
142. NASA helped the Autobots to exile from the planet since they had a transport that could take them off the planet.
143. NASA helped the Autobots to exile from the planet after they were told to leave.
144. The boy ran from the cop because he committed the crime.
145. Tech Analysts have speculated that Amazon will be releasing a phone next year since they have made a contract with vendors for phone parts.
146. Tech Analysts have speculated that Amazon will be releasing a phone next year, but they are only speculating at this point.
147. Apple recently had to recall 1st generation IPods because they had a defect in their batteries.
148. Apple recently had to recall 1st generation IPods, but they did so six years after it was initially released.
149. The army organized their forces to sneak past the Decepticons in the city because they needed to use stealth to their advantage.
150. The army organized their forces to sneak past the Decepticons in the city since they have the upper hand in a straight fight.
151. Seagate recently announced to their investors that production will not go back to normal until the end of 2012 because they had their factories flooded last month.
152. Seagate recently announced to their investors that production will not go back to normal until the end of 2012, so they may end up selling their stock.
153. Skype has entered a partnership with Facebook, and they hope that this can help to promote their video calling.
154. Skype has entered a partnership with Facebook, and they hope that more members join their social network.
155. The boy ran from the cop because he saw the crime.
156. Bioware recently announced a stress test to beta users this weekend since they need to see the performance of their servers.
157. Bioware recently announced a stress test to beta users this weekend so they are eagerly awaiting to play the much anticipated game.
158. U.S. Authors are fighting against Amazon's book lending program since they feel it violated their publishing rights.
159. U.S. Authors are fighting against Amazon's book lending program because they allow users a free book every month.
160. Chrome is finally set to pull ahead of Firefox in November because they have increased their popularity with internet users.
161. Chrome is finally set to pull ahead of Firefox in November so they are trying hard to prevent their users from switching.
162. The celebrities who agreed to go to the Marine Corp dance with their dates stayed true to their word, because they felt that this was the least they could do to thank the troops.
163. The celebrities who agreed to go to the Marine Corp dance with their dates stayed true to their word, so they were extremely thankful that they took time out of their schedule to come.
164. The US Health inspection board shut down several food factories since they were violating many rules and regulations.
165. The US Health inspection board shut down several food factories, but they discovered that many rules and regulations were violated.
166. The cap fell off the bottle because it was pressurized.
167. Amazon offers a generous credit program for college books since they can be resold again to other buyers.
168. Amazon offers a generous credit program for college books because they want students to come back and use their credit for more purchases.
169. Tiger Woods dropped Randy as his caddy because he was not satisfied with his work.
170. Tiger Woods dropped Randy as his caddy, but he does not agree with his decision.
171. The Dallas Cowboys lost their lead to the Redskins because they started to perform very poorly in the second half.
172. The Dallas Cowboys lost their lead to the Redskins because they started to perform very well in the second half.
173. The Disney characters at Disney World entertain the audience because they are there to keep people happy.
174. The Disney characters at Disney World entertain the audience since they are paying good money to having an enjoyable experience.
175. The Apes were determined to be contaminated by disease specialists, but they refused to admit their fault.
176. The Apes were determined to be contaminated by disease specialists, so they were forced to be released in secured captivity.
177. The cap fell off the bottle because it was untwisted.
178. Lorenze took his son to the hospital because he fell off his bike and hurt his leg.
179. Lorenze took his son to the hospital since he was concerned for his health.
180. Sheila made chicken noodle soup for her daughter since she knew it would help her get over her cold.
181. Sheila made chicken noodle soup for her daughter, but she wanted cereal instead.
182. Animal Control takes control of lost animals in the city so they will not pose any threats to the pedestrians.
183. Animal Control takes control of lost animals in the city because they are hired by the city to perform these duties.
184. Walmart is enforcing strict guidelines for customers this Black Friday because they do not want a recap of the disaster that occurred the previous year.
185. Walmart is enforcing strict guidelines for customers this Black Friday, but they may not always follow them even if they are enforced.
186. The zookeepers make sure to feed the chimps on a daily schedule so they can remain healthy and content.
187. The zookeepers make sure to feed the chimps on a daily schedule because they are required to do so under animal cruelty regulations.
188. The boy tried to address his friend, but he could not speak.
189. Chase will have a cyber monday sale for credit users since they want to entice users to continue using their cards.
190. Chase will have a cyber monday sale for credit users, but they may not necessarily care about the sale.
191. Caesar the ape found out the door code by watching Morris, so he was able to escape.
192. Caesar the ape found out the door code by watching Morris, because he was careless when typing in the code.
193. The security forces were not able to stop the mass of apes because they simply had them outnumbered.
194. The security forces were not able to stop the mass of apes since they did not have the manpower to stop that many.
195. The police tried to blockade the bridge to prevent the criminals from escaping, but they needed additional backup to be successful.
196. The police tried to blockade the bridge to prevent the criminals from escaping because they needed to pass this route to gain freedom.
197. Master Sifu passes wisdom on to Jack because he has much to teach him.
198. Master Sifu passes wisdom on to Jack so he listens very intently to what he has to say.
199. The boy tried to address his friend, but he could not hear.
200. The Chinese Empire banished the Wu Shu family from the kingdom because they committed atrocities that could not allow.
201. The Chinese Empire banished the Wu Shu family from the kingdom since they tried to avoid conflict.
202. Deal sites that monitor stores will be active during Thanksgiving weekend because they will be offering huge discount during this shopping weekend.
203. Deal sites that monitor stores will be active during Thanksgiving weekend, but they do not necessarily guarantee you will get it first.
204. The Magnificent Five will battle it out with Shen Yu's forces because they will need to end his rein of terror.
205. The Magnificent Five will battle it out with Shen Yu's forces, but they may try and run away.
206. Herman Cain has fallen in the polls while Mitt Romney has increased his foothold because he is garnering more popularity among potential voters.
207. Herman Cain has fallen in the polls while Mitt Romney has increased his foothold, but he may have a comeback in the polls after the next debate.
208. Jackie Chan is starting to become like Chuck Norris, because he is getting close to the age that he retired in his career.
209. Jackie Chan is starting to become like Chuck Norris since he retired at the age he has now reached.
210. A biker sped past an officer and he turned on his siren.
211. Some people proclaimed at the Ontario conventions that we need to colonize planets in the near future because they think we may face extinction if Aliens ever came for our resources.
212. Some people proclaimed at the Ontario conventions that we need to colonize planets in the near future since they are places where people can voice these kinds of concerns among like minded people.
213. Retail stores have been trying to pass an internet tax on online retailers for the past few years because they feel it would level the playing field.
214. Retail stores have been trying to pass an internet tax on online retailers for the past few years, but they are adamant on fighting against this regulation they are trying to impose.
215. Peacocks are considered very majestic birds by bird watchers because they are considered quite beautiful due to their vivid colors.
216. Peacocks are considered very majestic birds by bird watchers, but they know it is just a perception of how they see things.
217. The management always favor the employees who are always on time because they show dedication to their job.
218. The management always favor the employees who are always on time, but they need to factor in other factors to determine their performance as well.
219. Boyfriends always try to go out of their way to treat their girlfriends with respect because they are more inclined to stay with them when they are respected.
220. Boyfriends always try to go out of their way to treat their girlfriends with respect, but they want to be treated with respect as well.
221. A biker sped past an officer and he got away.
222. Jimbo was afraid of Bobbert because she was running around with a bloody spear.
223. Treasure hunters have to constantly fear running into bandits because they could be risking their lives if they encounter them.
224. Treasure hunters have to constantly fear running into bandits, even though they are rarely out to get them.
225. The pyramids are a maze which contains a great deal of treasure, but they are not always in each of them.
226. The pyramids are a maze which contains a great deal of treasure, so they constantly attract treasure hunters exploring the depths.
227. Ebay is often considered a great source by deal hunters to buy products, even though they often see misleading descriptions.
228. Ebay is often considered a great source by deal hunters to buy products, even though they often contain misleading descriptions.
229. Sharon was not able to share her supplies with Molly because she did not have enough to spare.
230. Sharon was not able to share her supplies with Molly, even though she desperately needs supplies.
231. Hunters excel in tracking animals because they can see the trail they leave in the forest.
232. Hunters excel in tracking animals because they often leave some sort of mark when traveling through the forest.
233. The car hop brought the man his tray, but he forgot his french fries.
234. Gun instructors provide the best tips and practices to keep their students safe from firearm usage since they have years of experience from handling guns in their lifetime.
235. Gun instructors provide the best tips and practices to keep their students safe from firearm usage, but they need to make sure they listen to these lessons to be safe.
236. Medics have a tough job of trying to heal the wounded since they normally have to fix them in hostile environments.
237. Medics have a tough job of trying to heal the wounded because they are normally hurt in dangerous scenarios.
238. Several energy companies are under investigation by Congress because they bankrupted even with government bailout money.
239. Several energy companies are under investigation by Congress since they need to find out if the money was mishandled.
240. The waitress noticed that Rebecca's glass was empty, so she filled it.
241. The waitress noticed that Rebecca's glass was empty, so she handed her the glass to fill it.
242. John shot Jack, the elephant, in my pajamas, but he did not know how it got there.
243. John shot Jack, the elephant, in my pajamas, but how he got there is still a mystery.
244. The car hop brought the man his tray, but he was not in the car.
245. The farmer proudly revealed his favorite chicken, because he laid a golden egg.
246. The farmer proudly revealed his favorite chicken, because he won the prize money.
247. John could not understand his waiter, because he was deaf.
248. John could not understand his waiter, because he spoke Spanish.
249. We gave the toys to the toddlers, because they wanted to play.
250. We gave the toys to the toddlers, because they were unopened.
251. Darth Vader said to Luke Skywalker, "I am your father", because he was his father.
252. Darth Vader said to Luke Skywalker, "I am your father", because he was his son.
253. Cathy let Joanna into her car, so she could take a test drive.
254. Cathy let Joanna into her car, so she could sell the car.
255. The environmentalists were angry at the corporation because they had ignored their proposal.
256. The policeman finally caught the criminal, because he used pepper spray and handcuffs.
257. The policeman finally caught the criminal, because he turned himself in.
258. Chris was running after John, because he stole his watch.
259. Chris was running after John, because he wanted to talk to him.
260. The assembly line workers were told they had been fired by the company, because they had moved the jobs overseas.
261. The assembly line workers were told they had been fired by the company, because they could cut costs.
262. Ken has Adam's bike, because he gave it to him.
263. Ken has Adam's bike, because he took it from him.
264. Jack is an optimist, and Adam is a pessimist, then he looks at the cup half full.
265. Jack is an optimist, and Adam is a pessimist, then he looks at the cup half empty.
266. The environmentalists were angry at the corporation because they saw them polluting the creek.
267. Amazon predicted that oldies fans would like the Queen, Led Zeppelin, Frank Sinatra, The Beatles, and the Dave Matthews Band, but they do not actually care for any of these bands.
268. Amazon predicted that oldies fans would like the Queen, Led Zeppelin, Frank Sinatra, The Beatles, and the Dave Matthews Band, but they were totally inaccurate.
269. A motorboat turns the propeller pushing the water backwards, thus it moves forward.
270. A motorboat turns the propeller pushing the water backwards, thus the it propells the vehicle forward.
271. Student A beat student B, because he studied.
272. Student A beat student B, because he slacked off.
273. Mary asked Jim not to annoy the crazy person, as he might attack him.
274. Mary asked Jim not to annoy the crazy person, as he might be attacked.
275. Jack pays more for the things Jim gets for nothing, because he was desperate.
276. Jack pays more for the things Jim gets for nothing, because he had it available.
277. The magician pulled a rabbit out of his hat.
278. A mathematical equation is more influential than politics, because it will stand forever.
279. A mathematical equation is more influential than politics, because it concerns only the present.
280. Policemen advocated the use of wire taps to track terrorists, because they could not catch them without those tools.
281. Policemen advocated the use of wire taps to track terrorists, because they are hard to track.
282. A policeman saw John Edwards commit the crime, so he was arrested.
283. A policeman saw John Edwards commit the crime, so he apprehended the criminal.
284. The hammer hit the bullet, so it shot.
285. The hammer hit the bullet, so it stopped.
286. A person is more productive on an IDE than a text editor, therefore it should be used in general practice.
287. A person is more productive on an IDE than a text editor, therefore it should not be used in general practice.
288. The magician pulled a rabbit out of his cage.
289. Kenny attacked Ben, and then he attacked back.
290. Kenny attacked Ben, and then he defended.
291. Sam hates Martha Stewart, because she committed a crime.
292. Sam hates Martha Stewart, because she felt that she was hypocritical.
293. The plane shot the rocket at the target, then it hit the target.
294. The plane shot the rocket at the target, then it blew up.
295. MIT accepted the students, because they had good grades.
296. MIT accepted the students, because they decided that they were the best.
297. Obama beat John McCain, because he was the better candidate.
298. Obama beat John McCain, because he failed to win the majority of the electoral votes.
299. Steve threw the bowling ball down the lane when it returned.
300. My brother put a Barbie that has metal parts in the microwave, so it melted.
301. My brother put a Barbie that has metal parts in the microwave, so it does not work anymore.
302. Jack the ripper killed John, but he was not caught yet.
303. Jack killed John, but he was not the only victim.
304. Charles Dickinson shot at Andrew Jackson, so he started reloading.
305. Charles Dickinson shot at Andrew Jackson, so he retaliated likewise.
306. Jim taught John rhetoric to become a lawyer, but he did not pay him.
307. Jim taught John rhetoric to become a lawyer, but he did not get paid.
308. Ann helped Kim with her cooking skills, because she was unable to make rice.
309. Ann helped Kim with her cooking skills, because she felt sorry for her.
310. Steve threw the bowling ball down the lane when it was clear.
311. Jim was staring at the guy with the snowboard, because he was doing tricks.
312. Jim was staring at the guy with the snowboard, because he wanted to be like him.
313. Kim offered mushrooms to Laura, because she had too many of them.
314. Kim offered mushrooms to Laura, because she might like them.
315. Sue visited Nadia for dinner because she invited her.
316. Sue visited Nadia for dinner because she was free.
317. When Sue went to Nadia's home for dinner, she served sukiyaki au gratin.
318. When Sue went to Nadia's home for dinner, she ate sukiyaki au gratin.
319. When Sue went to Nadia's home for dinner, she caught the wrong bus and arrived late.
320. When Sue went to Nadia's home for dinner, she told the security guard to let her in.
321. The hippo ate the food the trainer brought when he put it in the trough.
322. When Sue went to Nadia's home for dinner, she saw a big teddy bear.
323. When Sue went to Nadia's home for dinner, she showed her a big teddy bear.
324. The professor told John that he passed the exam.
325. The professor told John that he passed him.
326. Daryel told Ross that he was the ugliest person he knew of after examining himself disapprovingly in the mirror.
327. Daryel told Ross that he was the ugliest person he knew of and made him angry.
328. People like dogs because they look like them.
329. People like dogs but they do not like cats.
330. People raise dogs because they are obedient.
331. People raise dogs because they are afraid of thieves.
332. The hippo ate the food the trainer brought when he was hungry.
333. The man stole the neighbor's bike because he needed one.
334. Professors do a lot for students, but they are rarely respected.
335. Professors do a lot for students, but they are rarely thankful.
336. Professors give a lot of advice to students, because they are caring.
337. Professors give a lot of advice to students, but they rarely care.
338. Americans preferred Obama to McCain because he was younger.
339. Americans preferred Obama to McCain because he was too old.
340. Republicans preferred Romney to Perry because he said his supporters were heartless.
341. Republicans preferred Romney to Perry because he would not think his supporters were heartless.
342. Americans preferred Obama to McCain because he chose Joe Biden as his runing-mate.
343. Americans preferred Obama to McCain because he chose Sarah Palin as his running-mate.
344. When the preschoolers visited the senior citizens, they were surprisingly well behaved.
345. Obama had a meeting with Cantor, where he attempted to secure his support of the jobs bill.
346. Obama had a meeting with Cantor, where he showed his disapproval of his jobs bill.
347. The US president had a meeting with the Chinese president, where he told him to release political prisoners.
348. The US president had a meeting with the Chinese president, where he told him not to interfere with China's internal policy.
349. The Saudi government beheaded eight Bangladeshis because they killed the Egyptian guard.
350. The Saudi government beheaded eight Bangladeshis because they wanted to adhere to Islamic laws.
351. Bengali is morphologically richer than English, so its vocabulary is larger.
352. Bengali is morphologically richer than English, so its vocabulary is smaller.
353. There is more NLP work on English than on Bengali because it has rich linguistic resources.
354. There is more NLP work on English than on Bengali because it has little linguistic resources.
355. When the preschoolers visited the senior citizens, they were very hospitable.
356. There is currently more work on coreference resolution than on chunking because it is a problem that is nearly solved.
357. There is currently more work on coreference resolution than on chunking because it is a problem that is still far from being solved.
358. The sniper shot the terrorist because he was a bad guy.
359. The sniper shot the terrorist because he had orders.
360. The chimpanzee could not use Linux because it was an animal.
361. The chimpanzee could not use Linux because it uses different commands than Windows.
362. Bill punched Bob in the face because he was being rude to Mary.
363. Bill punched Bob in the face because he wanted to protect Mary.
364. Carl borrowed a book from Richard, but the book was never returned to him.
365. Carl borrowed a book from Richard, but the book was unreadable to him.
366. The junior football team likes the Dallas Cowboys because they are an inspiration.
367. Bill likes to play with Bob because he loves playing.
368. Bill likes to play with Bob but he did not want to.
369. The salesperson told Dave that this would be the best car he ever bought.
370. The salesperson told Dave that this would be the best car he ever sold.
371. The student wanted to ask the professor for help but decided not to because he was too scared.
372. The student wanted to ask the professor for help but decided not to because he was too intimidating.
373. The student couldn't understand the teacher because he had an accent.
374. The student couldn't understand the teacher because he wasn't paying attention.
375. The campers turned on their flashlights because it was dark without them.
376. The campers turned on their flashlights because the darkness scared them.
377. The junior football team likes the Dallas Cowboys because they get to watch quality football.
378. Francis stopped and looked at the penguin because he was intrigued.
379. Francis stopped and looked at the penguin because he was cute.
380. The off-campus apartments were preferred to the on-campus apartments because they were cheaper.
381. The off-campus apartments were preferred to the on-campus apartments because they were more expensive.
382. The general fired his pistol at the monster so he could be a distraction.
383. The general fired his pistol at the monster so he turned and looked.
384. Liverpool lost to Manchester United because they had been mismanaged all season.
385. Liverpool lost to Manchester United because they were a superior team.
386. Rice beat Texas, even though they were a smaller school.
387. Rice beat Texas, even though they were the best team in the nation.
388. Jimbo eats more than Bobbert because he is on a diet.
389. The state executes prisoners because they want justice.
390. The state executes prisoners because they were convicted of heinous crimes.
391. Jason built Rocky a robot, and he gave it to him.
392. Jason built Rocky a robot, so he had more free time.
393. My heart pumps blood because it is liquid.
394. My heart pumps blood because it is a muscle.
395. Joe smells better than Adam since he showers regularly.
396. Joe smells better than Adam since he hardly ever showers.
397. The pen is mightier than the sword because it can only stab things.
398. The pen is mightier than the sword because it can be used to write world-changing documents.
399. Jimbo eats more than Bobbert because he is not on a diet.
400. The cats attacked the humans because they were feral.
401. The cats attacked the humans because they smelled like fish.
402. Bob can beat Larry at arm wrestling because he has more muscles.
403. Bob can beat Larry at arm wrestling because he is a toddler.
404. Donald kicked King but he never cried.
405. Donald kicked King but he never felt bad.
406. Steve went to the meeting with John because he was asked to.
407. Steve went to the meeting with John because he asked him to.
408. Mary gave Sandy her book because she needed it.
409. Mary gave Sandy her book because she is generous.
410. The cougar tried to befriend the rabbit because it had a bad reputation as an evil predator.
411. John visited Luke in the hospital because he was sick.
412. John visited Luke in the hospital because he lived close by.
413. John hired Bill because he needed someone.
414. John fired Bill because he was incompetent.
415. John introduced Bill because he knew everyone.
416. John introduced Bill because he was new.
417. John shot Bill and he was jailed.
418. John shot Bill and he died.
419. The Mad Hatter tried to offer a cup of tea to the March Hare, but his hat was too distracting.
420. The Mad Hatter tried to offer a cup of tea to the March Hare, but his long ears were too distracting.
421. The cougar tried to befriend the rabbit because it was loved by everybody.
422. Richard blackmailed Senator Carson so that his silence would be secured.
423. Richard blackmailed Senator Carson so that his rise to power would be secured.
424. Tradition dictated the captain hold the Stanley Cup first, and it was pretty.
425. Tradition dictated the captain hold the Stanley Cup first, and it is always followed.
426. The bat hit the ball because it was designed to hit.
427. The bat hit the ball because it was designed to be hit.
428. The program could successfully parse the file because it was programmed well.
429. The program could successfully parse the file because it was formatted well.
430. The article about the fires said that they torched most of Seattle.
431. The article about the fires said that they would research the situation further.
432. Kevin stared at Michael and he got angry.
433. The winners were given the awards after they won.
434. The winners were given the awards after they were made.
435. The man jumped on the neighbor's pool and he swam.
436. The man jumped on the neighbor's pool and he stared.
437. The team shredded the report, so that it could rewrite a new one.
438. The team shredded the report, so that it could be rewritten.
439. Bob asked Tom if he could take him to the movies.
440. Bob asked Tom if he could lend some money.
441. Homer punched Flanders because he was being annoying.
442. Homer punched Flanders because he was asked to.
443. Kevin stared at Michael and he got his attention.
444. The man stole the neighbor's bike because he had one extra.
445. Nelson punched Milhouse but he was not hurt.
446. Nelson punched Milhouse but he was not caught.
447. The mermaid swam toward Sue and made her gasp.
448. The mermaid swam toward Sue and waved her tail.
449. The mother bear attacked Karen because she had gotten too close to her cub.
450. The mother bear attacked Karen because she was worried for her cub.
451. Mary smiled at Susan, but she did not smile back.
452. Mary smiled at Susan, but she was not happy to see her.
453. The leech latched onto the hippo so that it could enjoy the sunshine.
454. The leech latched onto the hippo because it was hungry.
455. The cabbage was in the freezer and it became frozen.
456. The people protested the government because they were hungry.
457. The people protested the government because they were raising taxes.
458. I drank the beer with a lime because it was cold.
459. I drank the beer with a lime because it was sour.
460. The employer talked to the employee about being loyal to him.
461. The employer talked to the employee about firing him.
462. A chicken pecked at a bug and it ate it.
463. A chicken pecked at a bug and it ran away.
464. The dogs hate the fleas because they suck blood.
465. The dogs hate the fleas because they hate bugs.
466. The cabbage was in the freezer and it became full.
467. Steven Seagal challenged Jean Claude Van Damme to a fight because he wanted to prove he was the stronger man.
468. Steven Seagal challenged Jean Claude Van Damme to a fight because he is a worthy opponent.
469. Girls like puppies because they are adorable.
470. Girls like puppies because they like adorable things.
471. Jack got more votes than John because the people liked him.
472. Jack got more votes than John because the people did not like him.
473. The car passed the truck because it was going too slow.
474. The car passed the truck because it needed to go faster.
475. My phone is working better than your phone because it is a newer model.
476. My phone is working better than your phone because it is broken.
477. David hit Bill because Mary really liked him.
478. Raja wanted Rena to take the job because he would be a good candidate.
479. Raja wanted Rena to take the job because he wanted to leave.
480. Sheila tried to repair the old jalopy, even though she had not run in three decades.
481. Sheila tried to repair the old jalopy, even though she had not worked on cars in three decades.
482. The ghost entered the house because it was haunting.
483. The ghost entered the house because it was haunted.
484. The boy escaped the cop but he continued to flee.
485. The boy escaped the cop but he continued to search.
486. The needle punctured the skin but it failed to register pain.
487. The needle punctured the skin but it failed to administer pain.
488. David hit Bill because Mary asked him to.
489. The lion saw the fish and it pounced.
490. The lion saw the fish and it was swimming.
491. The clown smiled at the child and he cried.
492. The clown smiled at the child and he offered him a balloon.
493. The scientists gave the chimps some bananas because they were hungry.
494. The scientists gave the chimps some bananas because they were ripe.
495. The boss fired the worker when he stopped performing well.
496. The boss fired the worker when he called him into the office.
497. The outlet powered the lamp when it had electricity.
498. The outlet powered the lamp when it was plugged in.
499. England won the bid over Spain because they prepared better.
500. The paintball player was mad at the referee because he missed a call.
501. The paintball player was mad at the referee because he was called out but shouldn't.
502. The network heads cancelled the TV shows because they were not doing well.
503. The network heads cancelled the TV shows because they did not like the content.
504. The cheetah outran the antelope so it got to eat.
505. The cheetah outran the antelope so it got eaten.
506. The keys typed the words because they were meant to be typed.
507. The keys typed the words because they were meant to be typed on.
508. The racquetball players were annoyed by the other students in the activity center because they were using the racquetball courts to play badminton.
509. The racquetball players were annoyed by the other students in the activity center because they wanted to play and couldn't.
510. England won the bid over Spain because they did not prepare thoroughly.
511. The teachers scolded the students because they would not learn the material.
512. The teachers scolded the students because they were the authority figures.
513. The plane was in the sky and it was fast.
514. The plane was in the sky and it was cloudy.
515. Joe crashed into Mike and he had to pay for the damage.
516. Joe crashed into Mike because he needed a place to sleep.
517. The man shot his friend and he died.
518. The man shot his friend and he was arrested.
519. The man killed the boss because he hated the job.
520. The man killed the boss because he fired him.
521. Caroline quickly defeated Sue because she regained her confidence.
522. Joe raced against Steven because he thought it would be easy.
523. Joe raced against Steven because he would not say no.
524. The light hit the mirror and it reflected.
525. The light hit the mirror and it shattered.
526. Google Plus is expected to be a replacement for Facebook but it still does not have enough active users.
527. Google Plus is expected to be a replacement for Facebook but it still has a lot more active users.
528. The spear easily pierced through the armor because it was too sharp.
529. The spear easily pierced through the armor because it was too thin.
530. The cat caught the mouse because it was clever.
531. The cat caught the mouse because it was careless.
532. Caroline quickly defeated Sue because she lost her confidence.
533. Joseph did not defeat William in the match, so he paid $100.
534. Joseph did not defeat William in the match, so he earned $100.
535. Adam failed to kill Alexander, so he hired a bodygaurd in case of a second attempt.
536. Adam failed to kill Alexander, so he hired an assassin for the second attempt.
537. The bowl had a crack, so it was filled in.
538. The bowl had a crack, so it was thrown away.
539. The student told the instructor that he was sick.
540. The student told the instructor that he talked fast.
541. Joe put Bob in the time machine and he went to the future.
542. Joe put Bob in the time machine and he created another one.
543. Firefox is used more than Internet Explorer because it is more stable.
544. Bill asked Joe if he could borrow some money.
545. Bill asked Joe if he had any money.
546. The chef held the waiter so that he would not flee.
547. The chef held the waiter so that he did not fall off.
548. Tony helped Jeff because he wanted to help.
549. Tony helped Jeff because he needed help.
550. The cat was afraid of the dog because it was scary.
551. The cat was afraid of the dog because it was timid.
552. The violin fell off the table because someone knocked it off.
553. The violin fell off the table because it was unstable.
554. Firefox is used more than Internet Explorer because it is less stable.
555. The bird ate the pie and it died.
556. Lily gave Amber a hug because she was sad.
557. Lily gave Amber a hug because she was sorry.
558. The birds ate the seeds because they were hungry.
559. The birds ate the seeds because they were tasty.
560. Josie did not like Sarah, but she did not know it.
561. Josie did not like Sarah, but she did not tell her.
562. Ken tried to sneak past the boss because he was late for work.
563. Ken tried to sneak past the boss because he was looking for late people.
564. The hyenas scavenged from the lions because they were desperate.
565. The hyenas scavenged from the lions because they had left scraps.
566. Students hate exams because they are lazy.
567. The fisherman hooked a big fish but he got away.
568. The fisherman hooked a big fish but he dropped his pole.
569. The geology department petitioned the school board for money because they needed funding.
570. The geology department petitioned the school board for money because they could grant funding.
571. George scored against Thomas in the shootout, so he won the game.
572. George scored against Thomas in the shootout, so he lost the game.
573. Lakshman asked Vivan to get him some ice cream because he was hot.
574. Lakshman asked Vivan to get him some ice cream because he owed him money.
575. Yuri owed Ivan money because he paid for the vodka.
576. Yuri owed Ivan money because he lost the bet.
577. Students hate exams because they are tedious.
578. Steve hired Jose because he was a hard worker.
579. Steve hired Jose because he could not find anyone better.
580. The outlaw shot the sheriff, but he did not shoot the deputy.
581. The outlaw shot the sheriff, but he shot back.
582. Kelly neglected to tell Katie that their rent was due, but she told her later.
583. Kelly neglected to tell Katie that their rent was due, but she remembered that it was due on the first of every month.
584. The committee increased the price of the tickets to the dance for the students, but they did not like it.
585. The committee increased the price of the tickets to the dance for the students, but they changed their decision later.
586. John wanted George to run for President because he was a great governor.
587. John wanted George to run for President because he did not want to.
588. Gary envied Bill because he was rich.
589. Olivia wants to make amends with Emily, but she is apprehensive.
590. Olivia wants to make amends with Emily, but she no longer wants to be friends.
591. Jill saw Jane fall down, and she helped her up.
592. Jill saw Jane fall down, and she asked her for help.
593. Larry purchased some of Marty's Lemonade, and he made money.
594. Larry purchased some of Marty's Lemonade, and he wanted the recipe.
595. The professor gave the student a bad grade because he did not study.
596. The professor gave the student a bad grade because he was strict.
597. We took the books to the shops because they were old.
598. We took the books to the shops because they would buy them.
599. Gary envied Bill because he was poor.
600. We gave the fruit to the humans because they were hungry.
601. We gave the fruit to the humans because they were ripe.
602. Battlefield 3 is more fun than Modern Warfare 3 because it is a better game.
603. Battlefield 3 is more fun than Modern Warfare 3 because it is a crappy game.
604. John attacked Tim because he hates communists.
605. John attacked Tim because he was a communist.
606. Someone hit Billy in the face because he was angry.
607. Someone hit Billy in the face because he was being rude.
608. Joe has more money than Adam since he has a better job.
609. Joe has more money than Adam since he has no job.
610. The company accepted the resolution because it was well-written.
611. Pigs are better than sheep because they make bacon.
612. Pigs are better than sheep because they do not make bacon.
613. The car beat the bike because it was faster.
614. The car beat the bike because it was too slow.
615. The blimp hit the tree because it lost air.
616. The blimp hit the tree because it was in the way.
617. Bob sued Bill because he was embezzling funds.
618. Bob sued Bill because he wanted more money.
619. I gave the donkey some food because it was hungry.
620. I gave the donkey some food because it was fresh.
621. The company accepted the resolution because it was desperate.
622. The humans were afraid of the robots because they were weak.
623. The humans were afraid of the robots because they were strong.
624. The Playstation is outperforming the Xbox because it has better games.
625. The Playstation is outperforming the Xbox because it is prone to hardware failure.
626. Sean is better than Watson at anaphora resolution because he can naturally understand natural language.
627. Sean is better than Watson at anaphora resolution because he has trouble understanding natural language.
628. Sentient machines will kill all humans because they have giant death rays.
629. Sentient machines will kill all humans because they are inferior beings.
630. Watson beat Ken at Jeopardy because he is a superior machine.
631. Watson beat Ken at Jeopardy because he is an inferior human.
632. Paper beats rock, but it is beaten by scissors.
633. Larry trusted Page because Bill told him to.
634. Larry trusted Page because Bill knows him.
635. Cosby supported Jay because Thea really liked him.
636. Cosby supported Jay because Thea asked him to.
637. Jace loves Jesus because he died for him.
638. Jace loves Jesus because he tasted his goodness.
639. Olga kicked Sara because she woke her up.
640. Olga kicked Sara because she was drunk.
641. Nola shot Christina in the head because she threatened to take all of her money.
642. Nola shot Christina in the head because she thought it was a good idea to kill a human being.
643. Paper beats rock, but it is able to beat scissors.
644. Rebecca kissed Dina because she loves her.
645. Rebecca kissed Dina because she is a sweet girl.
646. Mom brought Sara from school early because she was sick.
647. Mom brought Sara from school early because she had an early meeting.
648. Gorden got mad at his brother because he forgot to bring him chocolate.
649. Gorden got mad at his brother because he did not get good sleep.
650. John asked Bill because he was confused.
651. John asked Bill because he knew the answer.
652. John rated Bill because he was the judge.
653. John rated Bill because he was a contestant.
654. The teacher told the student that he needed to practice.
655. John called Bill because he needed someone to talk to.
656. John called Bill because he was a good listener.
657. John killed Bill because he was fighting for his life.
658. John killed Bill because he was a zombie.
659. Billy beat Tommy at Scrabble because that newbie had no skill.
660. Billy beat Tommy at Scrabble because that newbie had all the luck.
661. Mary had a little lamb until she was stolen by Cindy.
662. Mary had a little lamb until she had lamb chops for dinner.
663. The wolves chased the deer because they were predators.
664. The wolves chased the deer because they were prey.
665. The teacher told the student that he expected something better from him.
666. The bird ate the pie and it was ruined.
667. The girls ate the apples because they were hungry.
668. The girls ate the apples because they were ripe.
669. The minister befriended King George so he would not get beheaded.
670. The minister befriended King George so he could have some friends.
671. Mary likes Joe because she has a cool name.
672. Mary likes Joe because she likes females.
673. The bat hit the ball because it flew in the way of the trajectory.
674. The bat hit the ball because it flew straight at the poor animal.
675. The knife sliced through the flesh because it was sharp.
676. The knife sliced through the flesh because it was tender.
677. Mr. Sanders gave James a promotion because he has done good work.
678. The boy lied to his father about the crime, but he still felt uneasy and was slowly overcome with guilt.
679. The boy lied to his father about the crime, but he still felt uneasy and was slowly overcome with curiosity.
680. The apple wine entered my mouth because it tastes good.
681. The apple wine entered my mouth because it was not full.
682. The boy helped his friend move because he was going to be free all day.
683. The boy helped his friend move because he was going to be busy all day.
684. The boy secretly watched his friend because he wanted the secret information.
685. The boy secretly watched his friend because he had the secret information.
686. The bug was flying towards the light, but it was exterminated prematurely.
687. The bug was flying towards the light, but it was extinguished prematurely.
688. Mr. Sanders gave James a promotion because he appreciated his good work.
689. The man offered the boy candy, but he had no candy.
690. The man offered the boy candy, but he got no candy.
691. Paul screamed at Jack since he was angry.
692. Paul screamed at Jack since he was ignoring him.
693. The baby cow cried at the farmer because he wanted milk.
694. The baby cow cried at the farmer because he had milk.
695. My teacher asked a student to make sentences because he was late to class.
696. My teacher asked a student to make sentences because he wanted to see him write.
697. The gym teachers trained the students because they wanted to teach them discipline.
698. The gym teachers trained the students because they wanted to become better players.
699. The coach told the captain that he was proud of him.
700. The Skyline drifts better than the F-150 because it is well balanced.
701. The Skyline drifts better than the F-150 because it is not meant to drift.
702. The city council granted a permit to the construction workers because they were well qualified.
703. The city council granted a permit to the construction workers because they were elected to encourage business.
704. Rick Perry is doing stronger than Mitt Romney in the polls, but he is coming back as a strong candidate.
705. Rick Perry is doing stronger than Mitt Romney in the polls, but he is confident to maintain the lead.
706. The Detroit Lions beat the Dallas Cowboys because they had more desire to win.
707. The Detroit Lions beat the Dallas Cowboys because they were unprepared.
708. James Cameron is more successful than Michael Bay because his movies sell more worldwide.
709. James Cameron is more successful than Michael Bay because his movies do not create as much hype.
710. The coach told the captain that he was fired.
711. Audrey Hepburn made more movies than Katherine Hepburn because she was pretty and talented.
712. Audrey Hepburn made more movies than Katherine Hepburn because she was not as good at acting.
713. The Penguins scored two goals against the Flyers in two minutes because they were not concentrating.
714. The Penguins scored two goals against the Flyers in two minutes because they are more skilled.
715. Taylor Swift is higher in record sales over Beyonce because more people can relate to her music.
716. Taylor Swift is higher in record sales over Beyonce because people are not passionate about her music.
717. Fox News is more popular in ratings than CNN since they are more interesting.
718. Fox News is more popular in ratings than CNN since they are boring.
719. The Autobots try to stop the Decepticons since they want the world to live in peace.
720. The Autobots try to stop the Decepticons since they want to destroy the world.
721. Luigi rescued Mario because he was in trouble.
722. Californians are better than New Yorkers because they have Hollywood.
723. Californians are better than New Yorkers because they do not have Hollywood lots to produce movies.
724. The Mongolians attacked the Chinese because they are always eager for war.
725. The Mongolians attacked the Chinese because they are pacifists.
726. Jupiter is bigger than the Earth, but it is lighter due to being mostly gas.
727. Jupiter is bigger than the Earth, but it is heavier due to being solid.
728. Brick is better than clay for building houses because they are much stronger building materials.
729. Brick is better than clay for building houses because they become weak from water.
730. The Dallas Cowboys are more successful as a franchise than the Saints because they are considered "America's Team".
731. The Dallas Cowboys are more successful as a franchise than the Saints because they do not have the same amount of market value.
732. Luigi rescued Mario because he was the only one who can.
733. The US government declared war on Iraq because they were responding to their attack on US soil.
734. The US government declared war on Iraq because they attacked on US soil.
735. The Home Owners Association denied the request by the Pittsburg family for a new shed since they failed to pay the annual fee.
736. The Home Owners Association denied the request by the Pittsburg family for a new shed since they felt it would not be good for the community.
737. Fleece feels better than cotton since they are much softer.
738. Fleece feels better than cotton since they are of worse quality.
739. The Police feared allowing the protesters to organize, so they denied their ability to gather.
740. The Police feared allowing the protesters to organize, but they decided to organize anyway.
741. The government revoked the ability for oil companies to drill in the United States since they are trying to protect the environment.
742. The government revoked the ability for oil companies to drill in the United States since they are trying to drill for more oil reserves.
743. Planet Express was bought out by Mom's Friendly Delivery Service so they can no longer be a threat.
744. The Military Police threw the army recruits in the brig since they were causing a distrubance in the neighboring town.
745. The Military Police threw the army recruits in the brig since they were enforcing the rules of being in the army.
746. Harvey Dent blames the Batman for losing his love because he did not save her.
747. Harvey Dent blames the Batman for losing his love because he was saved instead of his girlfriend.
748. Intel performs better than AMD in the processing market, but they do not do as well in the graphics market.
749. Intel Performs better than AMD in the processing market, but they are more successful in the graphics market instead.
750. The football players went on strike against the NFL organization, but they will play again when their demands are met.
751. The football players went on strike against the NFL organization, but they will consider their demands to send the strike.
752. Disney World offers a much wider array of rides than Six Flags since they have a much larger budget due to their merchandising.
753. Disney World offers a much wider array of rides than Six Flags since they are more limited on budget due to not having other sources of revenue.
754. Planet Express was bought out by Mom's Friendly Delivery Service so they can eliminate the competition.
755. South Korea does not like North Korea because they are constantly threatening their peace.
756. South Korea does not like North Korea because they are always forced to defend their peace.
757. The prosecutor viciously attacked the defendants since they are trying to convict them of the crime.
758. The prosecutor viciously attacked the defendants since they are trying to convict their client of a crime.
759. The ruling class treats the citizens poorly because they are superior.
760. The ruling class treats the citizens poorly because they are inferior.
761. Bill Gates is similar to Steve Jobs, but he is the previous CEO of Microsoft.
762. Bill Gates is similar to Steve Jobs, but he is the previous CEO of Apple.
763. Bill Clinton speaks better than George Bush, since he is a practiced orator.
764. Bill Clinton speaks better than George Bush, since he is not a practiced orator.
765. The squirrels buried the nuts so they would not lose them.
766. Federer consistently beat Nadal since he was the better tennis player.
767. Federer consistently beat Nadal since he was the worse tennis player.
768. Internet Explorer believes they have less security holes than Firefox, but they conducted the tests themselves.
769. Internet Explorer believes they have less security holes than Firefox, but they do not trust Microsoft's test results.
770. President Clinton pardoned Roger Clinton because he wanted to free his half-brother.
771. President Clinton pardoned Roger Clinton because he was the president's half-brother.
772. Sony recently locked 90000 users from their accounts because they had been been compromised.
773. Sony recently locked 90000 users from their accounts because they had hackers compromise their customer's information.
774. Harley hides from Dyna because she is afraid of her.
775. Harley hides from Dyna because she is scary.
776. The squirrels buried the nuts so they would not get lost.
777. The bird perched on the limb and it bent.
778. Toyota has the luxury brand Lexus: they are built for the rich.
779. Toyota has the luxury brand Lexus, although they typically sell for the average consumer.
780. Batman constantly tries to arrest the Joker, but he is also a vigilante.
781. Batman constantly tried to arrest the Joker, but he always manages to get out.
782. Netflix recently split their DVD service to site Qwikster, but they quickly removed the move due to public backlash.
783. Netflix recently split their DVD service to site Qwikster, but they had a short lived life for the site.
784. Canada is bigger than the United Kingdom, but they do not have the population to back it up.
785. Canada is bigger than the United Kingdom, but they have a much larger population.
786. Gamers are generally perceived as nerds compared to athletes since they are stereotypically anti-social.
787. Gamers are generally perceived as nerds compared to athletes since they are stereotypically social and in good shape.
788. The jocks did not like the nerds because they were bullies.
789. Ray William Johnson surpassed NigaHiga in Youtube subscribers, but he considers that being number two is still a huge achievement.
790. Ray William Johnson surpassed NigaHiga in Youtube subscribers, but he wants to increase the gap even more.
791. The management provided bonuses to the employees since they wanted to keep their workers happy at the company.
792. The management provided bonuses to the employees since they need to be kept happy to stay productive.
793. The disease center quarantined the people since they were afraid of the outbreak spreading.
794. The disease center quarantined the people because they may be infected.
795. The security team locked the scientists inside the building because they had to keep confidential information inside.
796. The security team locked the scientists inside the building since they had access to confidential materials that need to be kept secret.
797. The FDA revoked the medical licenses of corrupt doctors since they enforce strict medical guidelines.
798. The FDA revoked the medical licenses of corrupt doctors because they have been improperly issuing drugs.
799. The jocks did not like the nerds because they were losers.
800. Christian Bale once lost his temper at the man holding his lighting because he has a short temper.
801. Christian Bale once lost his temper at the man holding his lighting, but he did not do anything that earned getting yelled at.
802. Andrea threw a promotion party in honor of Lindsay since she recently got promoted.
803. Andrea threw a promotion party in honor of Lindsay because she wanted to do something special for her.
804. Michael Phelps was fined by Judge Louis because he was caught with illegal drugs.
805. Michael Phelps was fined by Judge Louis because he has to uphold federal law.
806. Lloyd traded his truck to Roger for his motorcycle since he wanted to have a truck.
807. Lloyd traded his truck to Roger for his motorcycle since he preferred a small vehicle.
808. The hotel staff tended to the royal family since they needed to keep them satisfied as occupants.
809. The hotel staff tended to the royal family, however, they felt the service was unsatisfactory.
810. The spider ate the fly because he was hungry.
811. Donald Trump fired his servant, Luigi, because he felt his service was below average.
812. Donald Trump fired his servant, Luigi, but he can find another job elsewhere.
813. The teaching staff wanted to treat the students to a special lunch because they did so well on their standardized tests.
814. The teaching staff wanted to treat the students to a special lunch but they did not have enough money in the budget.
815. Some actors choose to perform their own stunts instead of using stunt doubles since they like to keep it as authentic as possible.
816. Some actors choose to perform their own stunts instead of using stunt doubles although they are professionals who specialize in stunts.
817. Tatoo artists specialize in creating works of arts on their customers, because they are paid professionals in their field.
818. Tatoo artists specialize in creating works of arts on their customers, hence they are willing to pay well for these pieces of work.
819. The drug cartel enlists the help of the local population to work their fields since they are considered cheap labor.
820. The drug cartel enlists the help of the local population to work their fields since they need cheap labor to maximize their profits.
821. The spider ate the fly because he looked tasty.
822. The Samurais respected honor while pirates have a disregard for honor, because they hold true to the policy of fighting with honor.
823. The Samurais respected honor while pirates have a disregard for honor, since they are only interested in increasing their wealth.
824. JP Morgan Bank developed a mobile banking application which gives an edge over competitor Bank of America since they appeal well consumers who want accessible banking.
825. JP Morgan Bank developed a mobile banking application which gives an edge over competitor Bank of America, but they will probably develop their own mobile application soon as well.
826. The Russian Syndicate decided to remove some of their lower members so they could keep their operations as secret as possible.
827. The Russian Syndicate decided to remove some of their lower members because they knew too much about their operations.
828. The SWAT team moved in on the compound to prevent the terrorists from launching a deadly missile because they wanted to preserve the lives of innocents.
829. The SWAT team moved in on the compound to prevent the terrorists from launching a deadly missile because they were trying to terrorize the global population.
830. Speed boats need to pass strict tests for use while row boats have no guidelines, since they are more prone to mechanical failures due to their moving parts.
831. Speed boats need to pass strict tests for use while row boats have no guidelines because they are powered by paddles instead of mechanical engines.
832. The nurse gave the girl a lollypop so that she would stop crying.
833. Jane Bingum presented strong evidence against Claire, so she would be able to win her case.
834. Jane Bingum presented strong evidence against Claire, but she may present a strong defense on her part.
835. Michael decided to freeze himself in cryo-stasis even though his father was against it, because he hopes to be unfrozen in the future when there is a cure available.
836. Michael decided to freeze himself in cryo-stasis even though his father was against it, so he tried to convince him not to do it.
837. Trick Or Treaters are celebrating the holiday earlier during the day at Church since they are encouraged to do it during the day and among friends for safety reasons.
838. Trick Or Treaters are celebrating the holiday earlier during the day at Church, but they cannot convince everybody to do it during the day.
839. Research studies recently revealed that Netflix consumes over 37 percent of the world's internet bandwidth since they need that much due to high demand of their streaming services.
840. Research studies recently revealed that Netflix consumes over 37 percent of the world's internet bandwidth, but they may not be entirely accurate now due to recent changes in Netflix subscribers.
841. Captain Picard tends to confide in Commander Riker since he wants to ensure he develops into a fine captain one day.
842. Captain Picard tends to confide in Commander Riker because he needs to soak up as much experience as he can.
843. The nurse gave the girl a lollypop because she had too many.
844. Data is an android who can learn new materials much faster than Acting Ensign Wesley since he has the ability to learn vasts amount of information quickly into his database.
845. Data is an android who can learn new materials much faster than Acting Ensign Wesley, because he does not have an electronic brain to learn as quickly.
846. The Next Generation was well received by Trekkies because they stayed true to the roots established in the first Star Trek.
847. The Next Generation was well received by Trekkies, but they will always perceive the first Star Trek to be the best.
848. Pei Wei sells sesame chicken as a signature dish since they have much demand for this particular dish.
849. Pei Wei sells sesame chicken as a signature dish, so they are constantly picked as an order.
850. Lois was scolded by her daughter because she was accused of being a terrible mother.
851. Lois was scolded by her daughter, so she thought about how she could be better.
852. The priests quoted the words of the Bible for all the suspected witches they found, since they needed to quote holy words to rid the evil.
853. The priests quoted the words of the Bible for all the suspected witches they found, since they feared the words of the Bible.
854. The police officer chased the thief because he was stealing from the bank.
855. The victims of the Black Plague blamed the witches for causing the curse because they did not understand diseases at the time.
856. The victims of the Black Plague blamed the witches for causing the curse, but they were falsely accused.
857. Two deserted crusaders agreed to transport a girl for the priests, but they agreed in exchange for being pardoned.
858. Two deserted crusaders agreed to transport a girl for the priests, since they needed more fellow priests to assist in removing the evil from her.
859. The alter boy assisted Knight Mordron in his mission because he hopes he will get knighted afterwards.
860. The alter boy assisted Knight Mordron in his mission, but he did not want his help.
861. King James eagerly awaited the arrival of Prince Henry because he was expected to propose to his daughter.
862. King James eagerly awaited the arrival of Prince Henry so he prepared many celebrations to welcome him.
863. Crusader Andrews saved the life of Crusader Christopher because he did not want to see him die.
864. Crusader Andrews saved the life of Crusader Christopher, so he thanked him personally with his sword afterwards.
865. The police officer chased the thief because he was protecting the bank.
866. The blacksmith refused to repair the armor for the knight because he only does work if paid upfront.
867. The blacksmith refused to repair the armor for the knight because he did not have any money to pay with.
868. The Eagles managed to completely dominate the Cowboys this weekend since they were much stronger in handling the ball.
869. The Eagles managed to completely dominate the Cowboys this weekend, but they were able to at least keep it from being a shutout.
870. Mel got in trouble with a collector named Bohr because he lost a huge sum of money due to his gambling habit.
871. Mel got in trouble with a collector named Bohr, so he tracked him down to try to collect all the owed money.
872. AMD recently managed to break a record in the New Guiness Book of Records, because they managed to overclock their processor to unheard heights.
873. AMD recently managed to break a record in the New Guiness Book of Records, so they immortalized them in their record keeping.
874. The U.S.S Enterprise tried to assist a sister ship, but they arrived too late to save them.
875. The U.S.S Enterprise tried to assist a sister ship, but they did not receive help quick enough to prevent their demise.
876. The mechanic charged the man one hundred dollars although he had done no work.
877. The Prince of Wales knighted William, so he gave his son the accolade with a sword.
878. The Prince of Wales knighted William because he could not compete in the tournament without being of nobility.
879. Ryan Higa sometimes guest stars in videos for Kev Jumbo because he wants his friend's videos to succeed as well.
880. Ryan Higa sometimes guest stars in videos for Kev Jumbo so he is beginning to gather a bigger following due to his friend's help.
881. Planet 343's sandstorm forces the inhabitants underground because they have winds of upwards to 50 mph.
882. Planet 343's sandstorm forces the inhabitants underground, but they have plenty of food sources stored away.
883. The Marines are considerably afraid of the aliens because they are known to hunt down humans.
884. The Marines are considerably afraid of the aliens, but they will still use their discipline to overcome their fears.
885. The children learned how to kill poisonous snakes from the adults since they have experience surviving in the outdoors.
886. The children learned how to kill poisonous snakes from the adults so they can also survive in the wild by themselves.
887. The mechanic charged the man one hundred dollars although he only had eighty dollars.
888. The bird perched on the limb and it sang.
889. The public school board of educators initiated a physical education plan on the students since they scored so low on the health and fitness standardized test.
890. The public school board of educators initiated a physical education plan on the students so that they could help them become healthy again.
891. Range Rover recently revealed their new lineup of cars at Times Square for thousands of New Yorkers since they are advertising their new high end models.
892. Range Rover recently revealed their new lineup of cars at Times Square for thousands of New Yorkers so they would be enticed to purchase their cars.
893. Raiden could not follow and guide Liu Kang in the world of darkness since he could not enter this realm without breaking the rules.
894. Raiden could not follow and guide Liu Kang in the world of darkness, but he will be able to find another guide instead.
895. Banks usually offer bonus points for new credit card applicants since they want them to specifically bank with them.
896. Banks usually offer bonus points for new credit card applicants because they are often enticed by free offerings.
897. Hair Stylists transformed the Cowboy's Cheerleaders into beauties, since they need to look top notch for the game.
898. Hair Stylists transformed the Cowboy's Cheerleaders into beauties, so they put much product into their hair.
899. The cat looked at the big dog, and it was terrified.
900. The patrons enjoyed the food made by the chefs immensely because they made the food with exquisite sauces.
901. The patrons enjoyed the food made by the chefs immensely, so they paid very well to enjoy this meal.
902. Beowulf arrived to slay Grendell for the kingdom, so he and his men went out to the caves to locate him.
903. Beowulf arrived to slay Grendell for the kingdom, but he is very difficult to slay due to his demon magic.
904. Paypal has to settle millions of disputes every year by disgruntled users since they are sometimes a victim of fraud from purchasing through the internet.
905. Paypal has to settle millions of disputes every year by disgruntled users because they provide a transaction protection policy.
906. The slaves were forced to do the bidding of the nobles since they have no rights.
907. The slaves were forced to do the bidding of the nobles so they do not have to do any of the hard labor.
908. Scientists have created a serum which transforms men into super soldiers, because they needed to create an unstoppable army.
909. Scientists have created a serum which transforms men into super soldiers, but they may experience side effects.
910. The cat looked at the big dog, and it barked menacingly.
911. The prisoners were held captive by the German forces since they were captured in the last battle.
912. The prisoners were held captive by the German forces since they needed to gather intelligence from them.
913. Captain America lost a good friend, Michael, because he could not catch him before falling.
914. Captain America lost a good friend, Michael, because he was killed in an accident.
915. Neil Armstrong was actually sent on a secret mission assigned by President Kennedy to investigate an abnormal event because he needed the US to beat Russia there.
916. Neil Armstrong was actually sent on a secret mission assigned by President Kennedy to investigate an abnormal event so he was trained on what exactly he needed to do.
917. The CIA control intelligence gathering for the United States because they have some of the best people who specialize in this type of work.
918. The CIA control intelligence gathering for the United States since they need to stay one step ahead of others to remain a superpower.
919. Sentinel tried to betray Optimus by enslaving the human race, but he did not succeed in his plan.
920. Sentinel tried to betray Optimus by enslaving the human race because he wanted the humans to rule again.
921. Batman caught the thief, and he plead innocence.
922. Amazon prime encourages Netflix users to switch because they offer a lower cost and additional benefits program.
923. Amazon prime encourages Netflix users to switch since they overcharge their users now.
924. Dell replaced all their Blackberry phones with their own because they lost confidence in their brand due to to recent network outage.
925. Dell replaced all their Blackberry phones with their own, but they are still prominent on other vendor sites.
926. Malware has increased over four hundred percent on the Android platform because they are a free platform which allows any developer to post their applications.
927. Malware has increased over four hundred percent on the Android platform since they do not need to get vetted to be uploaded.
928. Some Motorcycle enthusiasts are selling a TRON lightcycle to TRON fans because they specialize in making movie related vehicles.
929. Some Motorcycle enthusiasts are selling a TRON lightcycle to TRON fans, but they may be turned off by the asking price.
930. The board of directors reviewed the findings of the scientists to determine funding because they are interested in the potential profits for the company.
931. The board of directors reviewed the findings of the scientists to determine funding, so they need to present their findings in a way that can attract more money.
932. Batman caught the thief, and he recovered the stolen diamonds.
933. Some fan girls created a rap about Windows phones because they are in love with their new electronics.
934. Some fan girls created a rap about Windows phones, but they did not become more popular.
935. Some enthusiastic Black Friday shoppers are already lining up at retail stores so they can be the first in line for door busters.
936. Some enthusiastic Black Friday shoppers are already lining up at retail stores because they have some really low priced items that will be on sale.
937. The campus police pepper sprayed the UC Davis students because they were blocking private property.
938. The campus police pepper sprayed the UC Davis students, so they faced an angry backlash by those who do not agree with their actions.
939. Apple was in talks with Verizon to be their dedicated phone provider initially, but they gave the deal to AT&T in the end.
940. Apple was in talks with Verizon to be their dedicated phone provider initially because they were a prime candidate to provide their service.
941. Parents care for their children considerably because they love them undeniably to want to keep them save.
942. Parents care for their children considerably since they are their pride and joy.
943. The Emancipation Proclamation made slavery illegal, but it was still practiced.
944. Cats are more territorial than dogs since they always try and insert their dominance over others.
945. Cats are more territorial than dogs, but they can also be territorial at times when marking their territory.
946. Kung Fu teachers try to pass on discipline to their disciples since they want them to learn more than just technique.
947. Kung Fu teachers try to pass on discipline to their disciples, but they do not always learn what they are being taught very well.
948. Mark tried to sabotage Tom because he wants to be employee of the month.
949. Mark tried to sabotage Tom, but he got caught in the process.
950. The Walking Dead is proving to be a big hit among zombie enthusiasts because they have made a series that greatly appeals to them.
951. The Walking Dead is proving to be a big hit among zombie enthusiasts so they are watching the show every week.
952. Guns generally increase in value over time to gun collectors if unfired, because they need to be in mint condition to be extremely valuable.
953. Guns generally increase in value over time to gun collectors if unfired, since they prefer to collect things that are in perfect condition.
954. The Emancipation Proclamation made slavery illegal, but it did not actually cause many slaves to be freed.
955. Jim hunted the monster, because he was scary.
956. Jim hunted the monster, although he was afraid of him.
957. Arnold Schwarzenegger cannot terminate John Conner, because he is protecting him.
958. Arnold Schwarzenegger cannot terminate John Conner, because he is the leader of the resistance.
959. Jim likes John, but he does not like him back.
960. Jim likes John, but he is not liked back.
961. The skeleton was scarier than the pumpkin, because it looked like it was walking.
962. The skeleton was scarier than the pumpkin, because it was rather simplistic and orange.
963. Schrodinger's cat walks into an empty building, but where is it now?
964. Schrodinger's cat walks into an empty building, but does it contain him?
965. It annoyed Chris when Sebastian jangled his keys because he was in a bad mood.
966. Bob kicked Larry, because he was mad.
967. Bob kicked Larry, because he made a condescending comment.
968. The program deleted the reference to the data, but it did not delete it.
969. The program deleted the reference to the data, but it was not deleted.
970. The criminal shocked John, because he pulled out a gun.
971. The criminal shocked John, because he was not expecting it.
972. A banana and an apple go walking, when the yellow one does the talking.
973. A banana and an apple go walking, when the red one does the talking.
974. The employer offered Katie a job, because she was a fit for the company.
975. The employer offered Katie a job, because she liked the interviewee.
976. It annoyed Chris when Sebastian jangled his keys because he wanted to make fun.
977. Jim was delighted to see Jack, because he brightened up his day.
978. Jim was delighted to see Jack, because he was given the strength to finish his day.
979. He likes Cuba and hates Japan because it is a communist country.
980. He likes Cuba and hates Japan because it is not a communist country.
981. Saudi Arabians do not respect the Bangladeshis because they are poor.
982. Saudi Arabians do not respect the Bangladeshis because they are rich.
983. Sam helped Davey fortify their bunker because he thought the Mexicans were invading.
984. Sam helped Davey fortify their bunker because he wanted to be a good friend.
985. Mary cleaned Susan's room and she was thankful.
986. Fred drove to Mack's tire shop, and he bought a tire.
987. Fred drove to Mack's tire shop, and he sold a tire.
988. Randy went to Nick's store, and bought his groceries.
989. Randy went to Nick's store, and looked at his groceries.
990. Henry changed Jack's oil, because he gave him money.
991. Henry changed Jack's oil, because he needed money.
992. Bob cooked omelets for Jack, because he knew how.
993. Bob cooked omelets for Jack, because he was hungry.
994. John bought a beer for Bill because he likes cool guys.
995. John bought a beer for Bill because he is cool.
996. Mary cleaned Susan's room and she asked a favor.
997. The bee landed on the flower because it wanted pollen.
998. Gartok defeated Grognak because he was the stronger man.
999. Gartok defeated Grognak because he was puny and weak.
1000. Shawn hit Joe but he did not scream.
1001. Shawn hit Joe but he did not apologize.
1002. Katie accused Jane but she was not found guilty.
1003. Katie accused Jane but she felt badly about it.
1004. Sherry called Karla but she did not answer.
1005. Sherry called Karla but she later regretted it.
1006. Steven assassinated the president because he was a too liberal.
1007. Steven assassinated the president because he was paid to do it.
1008. Mary stabbed Jennifer, so John took her to the hospital.
1009. The wolves ate the cows because they were hungry.
1010. The wolves ate the cows because they were delicious.
1011. Michael backed Bill because John really liked him.
1012. Michael backed Bill because John asked him to.
1013. Johnson wanted to make friendship with David, because he is well connected.
1014. Johnson wanted to make friendship with David, because he wanted help.
1015. The company declared bonus for the employees because they made huge profits.
1016. The company declared bonus for the employees because they worked hard.
1017. The school denied parents parking permits because they did not want the parking lots to be over crowded with cars.
1018. The school denied parents parking permits because they violated parking rules.
1019. Mary stabbed Jennifer, so John reported her to the police.
1020. Joe slapped Jose in the face because he cussed him out.
1021. Joe slapped Jose in the face because he was angry.
1022. Stephanie gave Brandy flowers because she had a lot of them.
1023. Stephanie gave Brandy flowers because she was sick.
1024. The team decided to cancel their relations with AT&T Corporate because they ran out of money.
1025. The team decided to cancel their relations with AT&T Corporate because they are arrogant.
1026. John chose Bill because he was choosing.
1027. John chose Bill because he was the best choice.
1028. John thanked Bill because he had needed help.
1029. John thanked Bill because he was helpful.
1030. Lions eat zebras because they are predators.
1031. John ridiculed Bill because he liked to look down upon others.
1032. John ridiculed Bill because he acted like a fool.
1033. John disliked Bill and he did not pick him.
1034. John disliked Bill, but he did not know.
1035. Godzilla will stomp all over Tokyo if it rises from the ocean.
1036. Godzilla will stomp all over Tokyo if it does not build better defenses.
1037. The grandmother threw her granddaughter to her death because she felt jealous.
1038. The grandmother threw her granddaughter to her death because she would not stop screaming.
1039. Bob Marley shot the sheriff, but he swears it was in self-defense.
1040. Bob Marley shot the sheriff, but he survived.
1041. Lions eat zebras because they are meaty.
1042. The mother punishes the daughter because she was disobedient.
1043. The mother punished the daughter because she was provoked.
1044. The teachers failed the students because they answered the test incorrectly.
1045. The teachers failed the students because they graded the test incorrectly.
1046. The river destroyed the bridge because it was high.
1047. The river destroyed the bridge because it was low.
1048. The army crossed the river because it was shallow.
1049. The army crossed the river because it was retreating.
1050. The young up-and-comer destroyed the old veteran Star in the shootout, so he got benched for the rest of the season.
1051. The young up-and-comer destroyed the old veteran Star in the shootout, so he got placed on the starting line for the rest of the season.
1052. The coach criticized the player because he did not adhere to the team's formation.
1053. Monkeys hate lions because they eat them.
1054. Monkeys hate lions because they are scary.
1055. The sword was stuck in the tree because it was wedged in there really well.
1056. The sword was stuck in the tree because it grew up around it.
1057. In last week's tennis match, Djokovic imitated Roddick's serve because he was the better player.
1058. In last week's tennis match, Djokovic imitated Roddick's serve because he was funny.
1059. The infection spread throughout the building because it was airborne.
1060. The infection spread throughout the building because it was ventilated.
1061. The museum curator looked at the patron and said he should leave.
1062. The museum curator looked at the patron and he saw him squirm.
1063. The coach criticized the player because he explicitly told everyone not to break the team's formation.
1064. Our professor told the TA that he needed his help.
1065. Our professor told the TA that he could have the day off.
1066. Jack shouted at Bill because he crashed the car.
1067. Jack shouted at Bill because he was angry.
1068. The golfers waved on the players because they were waiting.
1069. The golfers waved on the players because they were holding them up.
1070. Allen laughed at Jimmy because he told a funny joke.
1071. Allen laughed at Jimmy because he was making fun of him.
1072. The construction workers hollered at the girls when they walked by.
1073. The construction workers hollered at the girls when they saw them.
1074. The academic clubs lost their members because they were poorly funded.
1075. Todd told Bill that he should run the presidency race.
1076. Todd told Bill that he needed some money.
1077. Sally was really happy that Beth finally got a job because she had been unemployed for years.
1078. Sally was really happy that Beth finally got a job because she is a concerned friend.
1079. The painting was at the museum because it was having a display.
1080. The painting was at the museum because it was on display.
1081. Jill was writing on a pad for Jane because she needed directions.
1082. Jill was writing on a pad for Jane because she wanted to leave her address.
1083. The military prepared to go to battle with an Amish colony because they were amassing a dangerous number of goats without a permit.
1084. The military prepared to go to battle with an Amish colony because they felt threatened.
1085. The academic clubs lost their members because they did not have free time.
1086. The group grew tired of making these sentences because they are tedious.
1087. The group grew tired of making these sentences because they are lazy.
1088. The mysterious creature is drinking whiskey because it tastes good.
1089. The mysterious creature is drinking whiskey because it still has more of these sentences to write.
1090. Excalibur spent time with the stone because it needed a place to wait.
1091. Excalibur spent time with the stone because it was very smooth and sturdy.
1092. The band loves their fans because they come to every show.
1093. The band loves their fans because they cannot exist without support.
1094. Jimbo ate the fish that Bobbert prepared because he was a good cook.
1095. Jimbo ate the fish that Bobbert prepared because he was hungry.
1096. James asked Robert for a favor, but he refused.
1097. The glass hit the floor and it broke.
1098. The glass hit the floor and it scratched.
1099. The cow ran into the fence and it broke.
1100. The cow ran into the fence and it got hurt.
1101. Sally kicked Mary and she was hurt.
1102. Sally kicked Mary and she apologized.
1103. Mary lied to Sue and she slapped her.
1104. Mary lied to Sue and she asked for forgiveness.
1105. David hit Bill and he enjoyed it.
1106. David hit Bill and he cried.
1107. James asked Robert for a favor, but he was refused.
1108. When Debbie splashed Tina, she got in trouble.
1109. The gardener watered the owner's rose because he was doing his job.
1110. The gardener watered the owner's rose because he paid him for that.
1111. Zidane headbutted Zambrotta because he could not control his anger.
1112. Zidane headbutted Zambrotta because he was being insulting.
1113. The man gave the beggar some money because he was too persistent.
1114. The man gave the beggar some money because he was very generous.
1115. Bill triumphed over John in the boxing ring because he fought smarter.
1116. Bill triumphed over John in the boxing ring because he fought cowardly.
1117. The manager fired the intern because she was too rebellious.
1118. The manager fired the intern because she was upset.
1119. The teacher did not recommend William because he was not a good student.
1120. The government officials publicly apologized to the people because they were forced to.
1121. The government officials publicly apologized to the people because they demanded an apology.
1122. The police officer shot the protester because he lost composure.
1123. The police officer shot the protester because he tried to attack the governor.
1124. James always gives orders to Owen because he is very obedient.
1125. James always gives orders to Owen because he is very bossy.
1126. Chelsea hate Manchester United because they always come in second.
1127. Chelsea hate Manchester United because they are too cocky.
1128. The professor highly recommends the student because he asks very good questions.
1129. The professor highly recommends the student because he appreciates an inquisitive mind.
1130. The teacher did not recommend William because he had high standards.
1131. The music player did not open the file because it was in the wrong format.
1132. The music player did not open the file because it did not play that format.
1133. The students protested against the new policies because they were too strict.
1134. The students protested against the new policies because they were angry.
1135. Tim asked Jerry to run to the store so that he could relax.
1136. Tim asked Jerry to run to the store so that he would be late for home.
1137. The food in the refrigerator went bad because it was past the expiration date.
1138. The food in the refrigerator went bad because it was not plugged in.
1139. The police captured the criminals because they were less prepared.
1140. The police captured the criminals because they were more prepared.
1141. The doctor told Susan that she had cancer.
1142. The ball broke the window because it was fragile.
1143. The ball broke the window because it was hard.
1144. Thomas pursued Peter, but he escaped.
1145. Thomas pursued Peter, but he fell behind.
1146. The employer let John have the assignment even though he did not want it.
1147. The employer let John have the assignment even though he wanted it.
1148. The computer rejected the password because it was incorrect.
1149. The computer rejected the password because it was malfunctioning.
1150. The kids asked their neighbors if they could have candy on Halloween.
1151. The kids asked their neighbors if they had any candy on Halloween.
1152. The doctor told Susan that she had been busy.
1153. The glass told the toaster that it was fat.
1154. The glass told the toaster that it liked chocolate.
1155. Sally gave Kelly a doll because she loved dolls.
1156. Sally gave Kelly a doll because she had extra dolls.
1157. Jack pushed Tim down the stairs because he was mad.
1158. Jack pushed Tim down the stairs and he slipped to the ground.
1159. John asked the scientist what he was working on.
1160. John asked the scientist what he could do to help.
1161. Knights preferred dragons over horses because they could fly.
1162. Knights preferred dragons over horses because they could not fly.
1163. The professor grading the student's paper said that he was stupid.
1164. The artist told the model that she needed to stand up straighter.
1165. The artist told the model that she needed to get more paint.
1166. Misty was replaced by May because she had to go back home.
1167. Misty was replaced by May because she was the only one available.
1168. Shigeru Miyamoto was the mentor of Satoshi Tajiri, so he learned many things.
1169. Shigeru Miyamoto was the mentor of Satoshi Tajiri, so he taught many things.
1170. Brock understood the material better than Tracy because he was paying attention.
1171. Brock understood the material better than Tracy because he was not paying attention.
1172. John wanted to vote for Doe, but he did not seem like the right candidate.
1173. John wanted to vote for Doe, but he could not make up his mind.
1174. The professor grading the student's paper said that he loved it.
1175. Yuji was a fan of Michael Jackson because he enjoyed "Thriller".
1176. Yuji was a fan of Michael Jackson because he was famous.
1177. Sega lost to Nintendo because they were superior.
1178. Sega lost to Nintendo because they were inferior.
1179. The space marines killed the aliens because they were a threat.
1180. The space marines killed the aliens because they were ordered to.
1181. Rocky beat Drago because the crowd was supporting him.
1182. Rocky beat Drago because the crowd was not supporting him.
1183. Lucas is younger than Claus because he was born last.
1184. Lucas is younger than Claus because he was born first.
1185. Jeremy annoyed Justin so he can leave the room.
1186. Joy was jealous of Jenny because she was making more money than her.
1187. Joy was jealous of Jenny because she was making less money than her.
1188. Bill punched Larry and he was hurt.
1189. Bill punched Larry because he was angry.
1190. The computer could not run the program because it had too many errors.
1191. The computer could not run the program because it did not have enough memory.
1192. The man asked Mark the question again because he was curious.
1193. The man asked Mark the question again because he was being evasive.
1194. Joe tried to get Tom to wake up, but he couldn't.
1195. Joe tried to get Tom to wake up, but he wouldn't.
1196. Jeremy annoyed Justin so he can have the room.
1197. The other student corrected Robert because he better understood the problem.
1198. The other student corrected Robert because he had misunderstood the problem.
1199. The train conductor admonished the man standing in the doorway because he was enforcing the rules.
1200. The train conductor admonished the man standing in the doorway because he was not following the rules.
1201. Emma did not pass the ball to Janie, although she was open.
1202. Emma did not pass the ball to Janie, although she should have.
1203. Paul made fun of Henry since he knew everyone else did.
1204. Paul made fun of Henry since he was such an easy target.
1205. The boy gave his friend a cookie because he was hungry.
1206. The boy gave his friend a cookie because he had an extra.
1207. Paula liked Ness more than Pokey because he was nice to her.
1208. The government placed a tax on the product so it could profit from sales.
1209. The government placed a tax on the product so it got more expensive.
1210. The chef made breakfast for the captain because he was required to.
1211. The chef made breakfast for the captain because he required food.
1212. The band connected well to their fans, so they continued to buy albums.
1213. The band connected well to their fans, so they continued to write albums.
1214. Bill was able to steal the banana from Ken because he was quick.
1215. Bill was able to steal the banana from Ken because he was slow.
1216. Allen chased the leprechaun because he had a pot of gold.
1217. Allen chased the leprechaun because he wanted a pot of gold.
1218. Paula liked Ness more than Pokey because he was mean to her.
1219. When Debbie splashed Tina, she got wet.
1220. The judge was fond of the contestant so he received the gold medal.
1221. The judge was fond of the contestant so he voted favorably.
1222. Malachi's program would not run on the computer because it was full of bugs.
1223. Malachi's program would not run on the computer because it had a faulty hard drive.
1224. Management gave the workers a raise because they had no other choice.
1225. Management gave the workers a raise because they had threatened to strike.
1226. The Roman legion attacked the Persians because they felt threatened.
1227. The Roman legion attacked the Persians because they had invaded.
1228. The brown fox jumped over the dog because it was quick.
1229. The brown fox jumped over the dog because it was lazy.
1230. Rocky lost to Clubber Lang because he was not ready for the fight.
1231. Alice helped Gwen move because she was nice.
1232. Alice helped Gwen move because she could not handle the job alone.
1233. Mark tackled the quarterback, but he managed to complete the pass.
1234. Mark tackled the quarterback, but he was penalized.
1235. Kyle beat Mark in the race because he was the fastest kid in school.
1236. Kyle beat Mark in the race because he had started out too fast.
1237. The striker scored on the goalie because he outran the defenders.
1238. The striker scored on the goalie because he was caught off guard.
1239. Michael asked Jacob to dance because he was lonely.
1240. Michael asked Jacob to dance because he felt sorry for him.
1241. Rocky lost to Clubber Lang because he was ready for the fight.
1242. The government wants to prohibit the people from playing chess on Monday because they have to work.
1243. The government wants to prohibit the people from playing chess on Monday because they want Mondays to be more productive.
1244. John tried to bake with Michael, but he did not have any eggs.
1245. John tried to bake with Michael, but he said "I don't like kitchens!"
1246. The government tried to free the journalists from North Korea, but they were unsuccessful.
1247. The government tried to free the journalists from North Korea, but they were held captive.
1248. Emily asked Anna to stir the pot, but she did not do it.
1249. Emily asked Anna to stir the pot, because she forgot to do it.
1250. Tim bought Eric a gecko, but he did not like it.
1251. Tim bought Eric a gecko, because he liked him.
1252. Aaron kissed Dan because he wanted to.
1253. Anna tucked Olivia into bed because she was caring.
1254. Anna tucked Olivia into bed because she fell asleep on the couch.
1255. Dan modified Harry's car because he had the tools.
1256. Dan modified Harry's car because he asked politely.
1257. Sarah went to Kelly's house because she was leaving from work.
1258. Sarah went to Kelly's house because she was home.
1259. Ken scanned photos for Neil since he owned a scanner.
1260. Ken scanned photos for Neil since he needed to save his documents.
1261. James cheated off Henry's test, and the Teacher told him.
1262. James cheated off Henry's test, and the Teacher failed him.
1263. Aaron kissed Dan because he wanted him to.
1264. Jim went to Hal's house, and walked his dog.
1265. Jim went to Hal's house, and brought his dog.
1266. Jackie gave Beth a present because it was her birthday.
1267. Jackie gave Beth a present because it was her friend's birthday.
1268. Burt installed Joey's software, and he was appreciative.
1269. Burt installed Joey's software, and he installed his hardware too.
1270. Adam defeated Brandon in a fight because he was stronger.
1271. Adam defeated Brandon in a fight because he was weaker.
1272. Lemuel painted Jim a piece of art since he requested it.
1273. Lemuel painted Jim a piece of art since he knew how.
1274. The students fell asleep during the professor's lectures because they were boring.
1275. The dog hunted the fox because it was red.
1276. The dog hunted the fox because it was hungry.
1277. The Secretary and the President met about him being elected.
1278. The Secretary and the President met about him being appointed.
1279. A monkey ate a lizard and it licked its lips.
1280. A monkey ate a lizard and it screamed in pain.
1281. Jim pooped on Jack and he vomited.
1282. Jim pooped on Jack and he laughed.
1283. The sheep chased the pig because it was fat.
1284. The sheep chased the pig because it was insulted.
1285. The students fell asleep during the professor's lectures because they were bored.
1286. The rock melted in the lava because it was pushed.
1287. The rock melted in the lava because it was hot.
1288. Jill loves Jamie and she does not feel the same way.
1289. Jill loves Jamie and she bought her a ring.
1290. A dog chewed a bone and it barked.
1291. A dog chewed a bone and it became wet.
1292. The lion bit the gazelle because it had horns.
1293. The lion bit the gazelle because it had sharp teeth.
1294. John hit Carl and he did not like it.
1295. John hit Carl and he hit back.
1296. Derrick begged his boss for a raise but he did not get one.
1297. Katy cried for Susan since she was sad.
1298. Katy cried for Susan since she died.
1299. Taco needs hot sauce because it does not taste as good alone.
1300. Taco needs hot sauce because it improves the flavor.
1301. Tobias is upset with William because he would not pay.
1302. Tobias is upset with William because he was mean.
1303. Jean is making fun of Kyle because he won.
1304. Jean is making fun of Kyle because he lost.
1305. Cheesecake is better than fruitcake because it tastes better.
1306. Cheesecake is better than fruitcake because it is gross.
1307. Derrick begged his boss for a raise but he did not give one.
1308. The townspeople ate the unicorns because they were hungry.
1309. The townspeople ate the unicorns because they were delicious.
1310. The separatists launched a surprise attack against the empire so they could turn the tide of battle.
1311. The separatists launched a surprise attack against the empire so they could be caught off guard.
1312. Computers outsell laptops because they are more powerful.
1313. Computers outsell laptops because they are not worth the money.
1314. Pat tried to talk to Jill but she was ignored.
1315. Pat tried to talk to Jill but she did not seem to hear it.
1316. Gold is more popular than black because it is shiny.
1317. Gold is more popular than black because it does not sparkle.
1318. The jurors deliberated on the defendants' fate for hours, but they did not reach a verdict.
1319. Jill outran Kate because she was faster.
1320. Jill outran Kate because she was slower.
1321. Tim gave Marlo a pat on the back because he looked sad.
1322. Tim gave Marlo a pat on the back because he wanted to help.
1323. Mike tried to follow Tom but he could not keep up.
1324. Mike tried to follow Tom but he was hard to see.
1325. Coins are better than dollars because they weigh more.
1326. Coins are better than dollars because they wrinkle too easily.
1327. George talked to Bill because he was nervous.
1328. George talked to Bill because he had experience.
1329. The jurors deliberated on the defendants' fate for hours, but they didn't receive the death penalty.
1330. The bus driver yelled at a kid after she drove her vehicle.
1331. Tom asked his son to drive so that he could sleep.
1332. Tom asked his son to drive so that he could get experience.
1333. Rosie beat Mary in Scrabble because she had a good vocabulary.
1334. Rosie beat Mary in Scrabble because she was bad at word games.
1335. Bush beat Gore because he rigged the election.
1336. Bush beat Gore because he was unpopular.
1337. The knife cut through the fence because it was sharp.
1338. The knife cut through the fence because it was rusty.
1339. Bob killed Vincent because he was stealing drugs.
1340. Bob killed Vincent because he wanted to kill someone.
1341. The orchestra was booed by the audience because they had performed poorly.
1342. Iphones are selling more than androids because they are trendy.
1343. Iphones are selling more than androids because they are hard to use.
1344. Apple defeated Microsoft in the war because they were creative.
1345. Apple defeated Microsoft in the war because they lack creativity.
1346. The University declared holiday to students because they were worried about them.
1347. The University declared holiday to students because they requested them.
1348. Hill joined Obama because Bill suggested him.
1349. Hill joined Obama because Bill trusted him.
1350. Hitler conquered Alex in the war because everybody supported him.
1351. Hitler conquered Alex in the war because nobody supported him.
1352. The orchestra was booed by the audience because they had expected a rock band.
1353. Rocky won the match with Richard because he worked hard.
1354. Rocky won the match with Richard because he had no energy.
1355. Clinton wanted Obama to run for president because he would win.
1356. Clinton wanted Obama to run for president because he could not win.
1357. Steve loved Bush but he did not tell.
1358. Steve loved Bush but he did not accept.
1359. Gates is richer than Jobs, so he does a lot more charity work.
1360. Gates is richer than Jobs, so he is not richest person.
1361. Seth is smarter than Sai, and consequently he got a better job.
1362. Seth is a smarter than Sai, and consequently he did worse in the job interview.
1363. Jacob gave William money because he needed some.
1364. Jacob misled Amen so David helped him.
1365. Jacob misled Amen so David fired him.
1366. Right after work Angelina took Sandy to the park because she knew the place.
1367. Right after work Angelina took Sandy to the park because she wanted to go to that place.
1368. Claudia lost all her money to Valarie because she is really smart.
1369. Claudia lost all her money to Valarie because she is stupid.
1370. Mike helped Jack with his assignment because he felt like doing so.
1371. Mike helped Jack with his assignment because he politely asked him to.
1372. Dad yelled at Sam because he did not go to school.
1373. Dad yelled at Sam because he was mad.
1374. Jacob gave William money because he sold the car.
1375. Janice bought Kenda a car because she needed one.
1376. Janice bought Kenda a car because she has money to spend.
1377. The mouse ran from the cat all the way to the kitchen because it was scared.
1378. The mouse ran from the cat all the way to the kitchen because it chased him.
1379. John picked Bill because he was in need of talent.
1380. John picked Bill because he was talented.
1381. John bored Bill because he was boring.
1382. John bored Bill because he was easily bored.
1383. John appreciated Bill because he had been in need.
1384. John ridiculed Bill because he was a big help.
1385. Alexandra told Kelly not to get a tattoo because she raised her conservatively.
1386. John tricked Bill because he was mischievous.
1387. John tricked Bill because he was slow-witted.
1388. John nicked Bill because he needed money.
1389. John nicked Bill because he was gullible.
1390. John gave a large sum of money to Bill because he had extra.
1391. John gave a large sum of money to Bill because he needed a loan.
1392. John kicked Bill because he was angry.
1393. John kicked Bill because he was being mean.
1394. John remembered Bill because he had had been thinking about wicker chairs.
1395. John remembered Bill because he was memorable.
1396. Alexandra told Kelly not to get a tattoo because she would seem unprofessional.
1397. The couple took the car to the shop on Tuesday, but they will not charge until next week.
1398. The couple took the car to the shop on Tuesday, but they will not have to pay until next week.
1399. Chuck Norris can beat any man in a fight, unless he is invincible.
1400. Chuck Norris can beat any man in a fight, unless he is tied up and blindfolded.
1401. I think the referee treats Vick like a running back because he has distinct style of play.
1402. I think the referee treats Vick like a running back because he does not understand the game.
1403. The mouse sought out the wise owl's advice, and she promptly realized her mistake.
1404. The mouse sought out the wise owl's advice, and she promptly accepted the free meal.
1405. The kidnapper will not return Trent Reznor until he is given a private performance.
1406. The kidnapper will not return Trent Reznor until he agrees to a private performance.
1407. Olivia tried to counsel Emily, but she was not interested.
1408. The authorities detained the hikers because they were trespassing.
1409. The authorities detained the hikers because they were prejudiced.
1410. Sarah tried to ignore the elephant in the room, but she could not bear the awkwardness.
1411. Sarah tried to ignore the elephant in the room, but she would not stop trumpeting.
1412. Mark almost made a deal with Slimy Jack, but backed down when the man was caught embezzling.
1413. Mark almost made a deal with Slimy Jack, but backed down when the man thought of his reputation for honesty.
1414. The robots tried to negotiate a cease-fire with the squirrel-men, but negotiations broke down when they sabotaged the microchip processing facility.
1415. The robots tried to negotiate a cease-fire with the squirrel-men, but negotiations broke down when they sabotaged the acorn processing facility.
1416. Jesus appeared to Thomas in order to show that he had risen.
1417. Jesus appeared to Thomas in order to show that he had unfounded doubts.
1418. Olivia tried to counsel Emily, but she was rejected.
1419. The employees crushed the boxes because they were working.
1420. The employees crushed the boxes because they were empty.
1421. The wine busted the cask because it was too small.
1422. The wine busted the cask because it was too carbonated.
1423. Tom gave James a coat because he was cold.
1424. Tom gave James a coat because he was generous.
1425. The veterans defeated the newcomers because they were more experienced.
1426. The veterans defeated the newcomers because they were less experienced.
1427. The sailors fell off the boats because they were capsizing.
1428. The sailors fell off the boats because they were drunk.
1429. James went to Sully's arcade and he asked for tickets.
1430. The children played games because they were bored.
1431. The children played games because they were entertaining.
1432. John fired Dave because he had too many absences.
1433. John fired Dave because he had too many employees.
1434. The police arrested the rioters because they were preventing trouble.
1435. The police arrested the rioters because they were causing trouble.
1436. The students read the books because they were learning.
1437. The students read the books because they were interesting.
1438. The lumberjacks cut the trees so they could be paid.
1439. The lumberjacks cut the trees so they could be sold.
1440. James went to Sully's arcade but he refused to let him in.
1441. The bus driver yelled at a kid after she broke a window.
1442. The Centurion lent Doctor Who his ear since he had pledged his loyalty.
1443. The Centurion lent Doctor Who his ear since he had saved the Centurion's life.
1444. Tom likes John because he has a cool name.
1445. Tom likes John because he likes people with cool names.
1446. The listener did not complain about the singer because he was autotuned.
1447. The listener did not complain about the singer because he was tone deaf.
1448. The musicians performed at two venues because neither of them paid much.
1449. The musicians performed at two venues because neither of them got paid much.
1450. The product fair showed Office 365, and it had a lot of attendees.
1451. The product fair showed Office 365, and it showed off with a game.
1452. Kurt flew in Alex's plane, and he thanked him.
1453. Stephen King called Spielberg so that he could ask for some money.
1454. Stephen King called Spielberg so that he could call him back.
1455. Lions love gazelles because they eat them.
1456. Lions love gazelles because they are delicious.
1457. Steve Ballmer took over as CEO of Microsoft after Bill Gates because he retired.
1458. Steve Ballmer took over as CEO of Microsoft after Bill Gates because he was a unicorn.
1459. Windows is worse than Linux because it has a lot of viruses.
1460. Windows is worse than Linux because it is open source.
1461. The boy lent his friend a pencil because the teacher told him to share.
1462. The boy lent his friend a pencil because the teacher told him to write.
1463. Kurt flew in Alex's plane, and he asked him to come again.
1464. God created Adam for good but he could not control his creation.
1465. God created Adam for good but he could not control his temptation.
1466. The boy laughed at his friend because he heard the joke.
1467. The boy laughed at his friend because he made the joke.
1468. The cops maced the protesters because they blindly follow orders.
1469. The cops maced the protesters because they do not blindly follow orders.
1470. The boulder dropped into the river, but it continued to roll.
1471. The boulder dropped into the river, but it continued to flow.
1472. The gun owner fired at the burglar because he stole items.
1473. The gun owner fired at the burglar because he saw a shadow.
1474. Bill was robbed by John, so the officer arrested him.
1475. Jerrica saw the guard as she snuck past.
1476. Jerrica saw the guard as she marched past.
1477. The home team lost to the Giants because they were better players.
1478. The home team lost to the Giants because they were unable to pass.
1479. My parents gave the neighbors tickets to Six Flags since they needed them.
1480. My parents gave the neighbors tickets to Six Flags since they had extras.
1481. The police called headquarters for help and they refused.
1482. The police called headquarters for help and they continued to fight the criminals.
1483. The advisor told the President that he should declare war.
1484. The advisor told the President that he was resigning.
1485. Bill was robbed by John, so the officer helped him.
1486. The elephant trampled a fish and it died.
1487. The elephant trampled a fish and it continued on its way.
1488. The children egged the neighbors because they had no candy.
1489. The children egged the neighbors because they had no dignity.
1490. The model frowned at her manager because she forgot to call.
1491. The model frowned at her manager because she was sad.
1492. William enforced a mandatory choir practice for Ryan since he is struggling with his singing abilities.
1493. William enforced a mandatory choir practice for Ryan since he is a mean teacher.
1494. The counselor gave the student advice because he is on the wrong track in life.
1495. The counselor gave the student advice because he feels obligated to help him.
1496. He put snow on the smiley face because it was wet.
1497. Ryan won the presidency against Tom because he feels he was the better candidate.
1498. Ryan won the presidency against Tom because he was not fit for office.
1499. Jack raced past Dan since his car is much faster.
1500. Jack raced past Dan since his car is old.
1501. The mother encouraged her daughter to sing a difficult song so she would be challenged.
1502. The mother encouraged her daughter to sing a difficult song so she could see her become better.
1503. John visited his son so he could spent time with him.
1504. John visited his son so he would feel loved.
1505. The pilots saved the passengers because they had a civic duty.
1506. The pilots saved the passengers because they begged them to.
1507. He put snow on the smiley face because it was dry.
1508. Kurt sang to Jon since he wanted to be the lead singer.
1509. Kurt sang to Jon since he was the judge.
1510. Stacy lied about partying to her mom, but she found out.
1511. Stacy lied about partying to her mom, but she feared that she may be caught.
1512. Janet Jackson is more popular than Latoya Jackson since she is the better performer.
1513. Janet Jackson is more popular than Latoya Jackson since she does not have as many followers.
1514. Stephen Colbert is funnier than John Stewart since his comedy is better.
1515. Stephen Colbert is funnier than John Stewart since his show has less viewers.
1516. Rick Davis campaigned for John McCain since he could best support him in office.
1517. Rick Davis campaigned for John McCain since he was the best man for office.
1518. The kitten played with the yarn because it was fun.
1519. Simon Cowell makes fun of Ryan Seacrest since he feels superior.
1520. Simon Cowell makes fun of Ryan Seacrest since he is viewed as feminine.
1521. The poor steal from the rich because they need more money.
1522. The poor steal from the rich because they possess more items of value.
1523. The big brother always beats the little brother at board games since he was older and wiser.
1524. The big brother always beats the little brother at board games since he is not very good at games.
1525. The salesman sold a hot tub to the customer because he was looking for something to use and soak in.
1526. The salesman sold a hot tub to the customer because he was trying to sell his products.
1527. Jennifer Aniston does not like Angelina Jolie because she stole her boyfriend.
1528. Jennifer Aniston does not like Angelina Jolie because she is jealous of her relationship.
1529. The kitten played with the yarn because it was bored.
1530. The US army fought the Taliban because they are trying to prevent terrorism.
1531. The US army fought the Taliban because they are the root of much terrorism.
1532. Terranova has better ratings than House since they have attracted more new audiences.
1533. Terranova has better ratings than House since they have a small target audience.
1534. Neil Patrick Harris is a better singer than Dave Chappelle,since he does not have time to become a good singer due to his comedy career.
1535. Neil Patrick Harris is a better singer than Dave Chappelle, since he had experience from Broadway.
1536. The Philadelphia Eagles lost to the St. Louis Rams, but it was because they had the home field advantage.
1537. The Philadelphia Eagles lost to the St. Louis Rams, but it was because they were tired from traveling to the game.
1538. The AirForce is more appealing than the Army, but they require higher qualifications.
1539. The AirForce is more appealing than the Army, but they are just as important.
1540. I chopped down the tree with my axe because it was tall.
1541. Dogs are friendlier than cats since they enjoy the company of people.
1542. Dogs are friendlier than cats since they would rather be alone.
1543. Hybrid cars produce less pollution than diesel trucks because they use less gas and more electricity.
1544. Hybrid cars produce less pollution than diesel trucks because they use pure gasoline.
1545. Fry's Electronics is more successful than Comp USA since they price their products much lower.
1546. Fry's Electronics is more successful than Comp USA since they cannot compete competitively in price.
1547. Ryan has much less hair than Gary, so he does not go out in public without a hat.
1548. Ryan has much less hair than Gary, so he has to cut his hair constantly.
1549. Blue Thunder scored more goals than Green Hogs since they are the better team.
1550. Blue Thunder scored more goals than Green Hogs since they are not very good at the game.
1551. I chopped down the tree with my axe because it was sharp.
1552. Jimbo was running from Bobbert because he smelled awful.
1553. Joe earned more money than Rob on the Price is Right because he was able to guess more letters correctly.
1554. Joe earned more money than Rob on the Price is Right because he kept guessing wrong.
1555. KFC sells better than Popeyes since they have better chicken.
1556. KFC sells better than Popeyes since they use worse ingredients in their chicken.
1557. Google is catching up to Firefox in the percentage of users because they have a faster and more reliable browser.
1558. Google is catching up to Firefox in the percentage of users, because they have been getting too bulky and slow.
1559. The new knives are better than the old knives since they are much sharper.
1560. The new knives are better than the old knives since they are losing their sharp edge due to constant use.
1561. The Union defeated the Confederates in the Civil war since they had better resources and numbers.
1562. The Union defeated the Confederates in the Civil war since they did not have the resources to continue the fight.
1563. Spiderman defeated Magnito because he is a good guy.
1564. Will Smith got his son in a movie since he has much influence in the movie scene.
1565. Will Smith got his son in a movie since he is the son of a famous movie actor.
1566. Horses are faster at short distances than camels, but they cannot trek as far.
1567. Horses are faster at short distances than camels, but they can travel much further distances.
1568. T-Mobile's data plan is better than AT&T's data plan since it does not cap data usage.
1569. T-Mobile's data plan is better than AT&T's data plan since it throttles user for excessive data usage.
1570. Nicole was angry at Sammie since she lied to her.
1571. Nicole was angry at Sammie since she caught her in a lie.
1572. Pizza hut pizzas are tastier than Papa John pizzas because they give more ingredients and cheeses.
1573. Pizza hut pizzas are tastier than Papa John pizzas because they give less ingredients and cheeses.
1574. Spiderman defeated Magnito because he is a bad guy.
1575. The Axis forces lost the war to the Allied forces because they fought on too many fronts.
1576. The Axis forces lost the war to the Allied forces because they took advantage of their weakness.
1577. Frosted Flakes is tastier than Fiber One because they use frosting on the cereal.
1578. Frosted Flakes is tastier than Fiber One because they taste bland due to the fiber.
1579. Gladiators are viewed better than Slaves because they fight to the death in the arena.
1580. Gladiators are viewed better than Slaves because they live in a life of servitude instead of dying in glory.
1581. Apple sued Samsung because they felt their intellectual properties were being infringed upon.
1582. Apple sued Samsung because they made a product that has similarities with their own.
1583. Battlefield 3 is garnering more attention than Modern Warfare because they have graphics that are on a whole new level.
1584. Battlefield 3 is garnering more attention than Modern Warfare because they contain outdated graphics.
1585. The citizens rebelled against the government because they were being repressed.
1586. King Leonidas was more respected than King Henry because he treated the people as equal citizens.
1587. King Leonidas was more respected then King Henry because he unfairly taxed the people.
1588. Gas powered fireplaces are environmentally friendly as compared to traditional fireplaces since they do not need wood to burn.
1589. Gas powered fireplaces are environmentally friendly as compared to traditional fireplaces since they require wood to function.
1590. Kate Middleton is viewed as a newer generation Princess Diana because she was a symbol of fashion as the previous queen.
1591. Kate Middleton is viewed as a newer generation Princess Diana because she is also being compared as a fashion symbol.
1592. The older male cat is bullying the new younger male cat so that he can assert his dominance.
1593. The older male cat is bullying the new younger male cat so he has been submissive.
1594. The Batman does not kill Joker because he is good at heart.
1595. The Batman does not kill Joker because he is always thrown in jail instead.
1596. The citizens rebelled against the government because they were being mean.
1597. The DEA raided the Mexican Cartel's warehouse because they suspected a drug business was occurring.
1598. The DEA raided the Mexican Cartel's warehouse because they had their drug business discovered.
1599. Rob was granted a gun license while Jon was not, because he had passed the background check.
1600. Rob was granted a gun license while Jon was not, because he had a criminal past.
1601. Sharks are constantly eating fishes because they are higher on the food chain.
1602. Sharks are constantly eating fishes because they are the main source of food in the ocean.
1603. Software gives more profit over hardware since they have little cost associated with selling more.
1604. Software gives more profit over hardware since they are costs with producing the materials each time.
1605. Naruto has about 200 more episodes than Code Geass because they have a long interesting storyline.
1606. Naruto has about 200 more episodes then Code Geass because they finished the story in much fewer episodes.
1607. Cats are smarter than dogs because they always land on their feet.
1608. The Simpsons have lasted 23 seasons while The Sarah Connor Chronicles lasted two seasons, since they have been wildly successful.
1609. The Simpsons have lasted 23 seasons while The Sarah Connor Chronicles lasted two seasons, since they did not provide a very good show.
1610. Morpheous believed Neo was "the one", because he was fortold by the Oracle this would happen.
1611. Morpheous believed Neo was "the one", because he had the potential to be "the one".
1612. Michelle likes green shirts while Sarah prefers blue, because she likes the color of grass.
1613. Michelle likes green shirts while Sarah prefers blue, because she likes the color of the sky.
1614. Doctor Chen prescribed glasses to Egore, since he needs glasses to see.
1615. Doctor Chen prescribed glasses to Egore, since he conducted the eye exam.
1616. Hulu has had tremendous growth of subscribers over traditional cable provider Dish Network since they provide a plan that appeals to more people.
1617. Hulu has had tremendous growth of subscribers over traditional cable provider Dish Network since they are charging too much for their plan.
1618. Cats are smarter than dogs because they bark for no reason.
1619. Doctor Conrad Murray is accused of negligence in Michael Jackson's death because he was the doctor on site when the drug overdose took place.
1620. Doctor Conrad Murray is accused of negligence in Michael Jackson's death because he overdosed on drugs when the doctor was present.
1621. The monsters at the haunted house chased the children because they are trying to scare them.
1622. The monsters at the haunted house chased the children because they want to be scared for entertainment.
1623. Ashton Kutcher replaced Charlie Sheen as the main character of Two and a Half Men, but he does not play the same character the previous actor played.
1624. Ashton Kutcher replaced Charlie Sheen as the main character of Two and a Half Men, but he did not leave the show willingly.
1625. Thor was banished from the kingdom by his father because he was too eager to become the new king.
1626. Thor was banished from the kingdom by his father because he felt his son was too eager to become king.
1627. Nvidia is giving away two top of the line laptops to its users, so they will be giving them away for free.
1628. Nvidia is giving away two top of the line laptops to its users, so they have a chance to get them for free.
1629. The ball hit the window and Bill repaired it.
1630. The game distribution platform "Origin" will have exclusive EA games that competitor "Steam" will not have, because they are trying to entice users to their platform.
1631. The game distribution platform "Origin" will have exclusive EA games that competitor "Steam" will not have, because they could not obtain rights to those titles.
1632. Gamestop pulled Square Enix's game, "Dues Ex" from the shelves, because they offered a coupon for a game service in their game.
1633. Gamestop pulled Square Enix's game, "Dues Ex" from the shelves, because they would not sell a game that promoted another game service.
1634. The police arrested 700 protesters in New York since they tried to block traffic on the Manhattan bridge.
1635. The police arrested 700 protesters in New York since they had to prevent them from blocking the Manhatten bridge.
1636. DC Universe went free to play while World of Warcraft is subscription based, because they would not maintain enough users to continue a monthly payment plan.
1637. DC Universe went free to play while World of Warcraft is subscription based, because they have maintained enough users to continue with their current payment model.
1638. Amazon's Kindle Fire may surpass Apple's IPad because they offer a very competitive low price.
1639. Amazon's Kindle Fire may surpass Apple's Ipad because they are quite expensive for providing a similar product.
1640. The ball hit the window and Bill caught it.
1641. Wall Street was bailed out by the government because they wanted to prevent an economic collapse.
1642. Wall Street was bailed out by the government because they were on the verge of collapsing.
1643. Stargate Atlantis was replaced by Stargate Universe since they were not doing very well in the ratings.
1644. Stargate Atlantis was replaced by Stargate Universe since they were hoping that this show would do better in the ratings.
1645. Conan O'Brien replaced Jay Leno as host of Late Night, however, he was soon removed from that timeslot due to him coming back.
1646. Conan O'Brien replaced Jay Leno as host of Late Night, however, he was soon asked to come back and have his previous time slot.
1647. Jackie Chan learned some things from watching Bruce Lee because he was a popular kung fu actor in the past.
1648. Jackie Chan learned some things from watching Bruce Lee because he could watch his acting from the past.
1649. The boy scouts were able to raise more money for charity over the girl scouts since they had a very active fund raising schedule.
1650. The boy scouts were able to raise more money for charity over the girl scouts since they were not able to raise funds as actively.
1651. Robert fired Chris because he couldn't do the job.
1652. The police arrested the criminals since they break the law.
1653. The police arrested the criminals since they enforce the law.
1654. The parents grounded the children since they demanded obedience.
1655. The parents grounded the children since they were disobedient.
1656. Conservatives differ from Democrats since they normally resist change.
1657. Conservatives differ from Democrats since they normally promote change.
1658. The people barricaded themselves from the zombies because they did not want to become food.
1659. The people barricaded themselves from the zombies because they wanted to ease their hunger.
1660. Adrian Peterson has more touchdowns than Reggie Bush because he is better at running the ball.
1661. Adrian Peterson has more touchdowns than Reggie Bush because he cannot run the ball as well.
1662. Robert fired Chris because he no longer needed workers.
1663. Jimbo was running from Bobbert because he wanted to get to the car first.
1664. AMD's Bulldozer chips have received lukewarm reception compared to Intel's Sandy Bridge chips since they were subpar in performance.
1665. AMD's Bulldozer chips have received lukewarm reception compared to Intel's Sandy Bridge chips since they were much faster in processing speed.
1666. Hybrid cars are much more fuel efficient than gasoline powered cars, but they have not caught on in popularity yet.
1667. Hybrid cars are much more fuel efficient than gasoline powered cars, but they are still the most used cars today.
1668. Apple customer support is constantly voted better than Microsoft support, because they provide a much better plan for a subscription price.
1669. Apple customer support is constantly voted better than Microsoft support, because they do not really offer a competitive support plan.
1670. New York is very crowded compared to South Dakota, but they are also much smaller in square miles.
1671. New York is very crowded compared to South Dakota, but they have much more land instead.
1672. Four wheel drive cars are used for rally racing instead of rear wheel cars because they are better for off-road racing.
1673. Four wheel drive cars are used for rally racing instead of rear wheel cars because they do not race well off road.
1674. Steve scratched Johnny because he was angry.
1675. The carpenters came before the painters since they need to build the furniture first.
1676. The carpenters came before the painters since they need to paint after the furniture has already been built.
1677. Blizzard Entertainment does not sell their games on Steam because they prefer to keep their own profits.
1678. Blizzard Entertainment does not sell their games on Steam because they require part of the profits for each sale.
1679. Alex Rodriguez is paid much higher than Brandon Hughs because he is grossly overpaid.
1680. Alex Rodriguez is paid much higher than Brandon Hughs because he is a less sought after player.
1681. The X-Factor is starting to overtake American Idol in the ratings race since they have the popular Simon Cowell as the judge.
1682. The X-Factor is starting to overtake American Idol in the ratings race since they have boring judges.
1683. McDonalds has many more restaurants than Chick Filet worldwide because they are a globally known.
1684. McDonalds has many more restaurants than Chick Filet worldwide because they are not able to expand their business outside the United States.
1685. Steve scratched Johnny so he became angry.
1686. The United States sanctioned Iran since they recently discovered their assassination plot on an ambassador in the States.
1687. The United States sanctions Iran since they recently were caught in plotting an assassination.
1688. Justin Bieber sold many more albums than Jack Johnson, but he is also very unpopular among older adults.
1689. Justin Bieber sold many more albums than Jack Johnson, but he is still perceived as a better artist.
1690. The NFL generates obscene amounts of revenue compared to the MLB, because they are the most watched sport in the US.
1691. The NFL generates obscene amounts of revenue compared to the MLB, because they are not as popular to watch.
1692. Parents send their children to bed, because they want them to have enough sleep for school in the morning.
1693. Parents send their children to bed, and they have to listen to authority since they are dependents.
1694. Amazon recently upstaged Gamestop on Battlefield 3 pre-orders because they lowered their price 30 percent below the competitor.
1695. Amazon recently upstaged Gamestop on Battlefield 3 pre-orders because they are not able to match their competitor's aggressive pricing.
1696. The youth outran the old man because he was in shape.
1697. The Xbox 360 outsold the Nintendo Wii by 300 percent because they are appealing to more people with their better hardware.
1698. The Xbox 360 outsold the Nintendo Wii by 300 percent because they are losing their popularity.
1699. Nancy adopted a baby girl because she always wanted a daughter.
1700. Nancy adopted a baby girl because she was picked to be adopted.
1701. The Japanese eat a lot more seafood than the Americans because they are an island surrounded by the ocean.
1702. The Japanese eat a lot more seafood than the Americans because they have a lot of people who do not live near the ocean.
1703. The Backstreet Boys were much more popular than N-Sync since they had the better music.
1704. The Backstreet Boys were much more popular than N-Sync since they were not very good overall.
1705. MySpace lost millions of users to Facebook, but they still have a small following.
1706. MySpace lost millions of users to Facebook, but they were not able to crush them completely.
1707. The youth outran the old man because he broke his hip.
1708. Monster trucks would crush cars since they are so massive.
1709. Monster trucks would crush cars since they are so much smaller in size.
1710. The police arrested suspected members of Anonymous because they are accused of hacking company data.
1711. The police arrested suspected members of Anonymous because they are cracking down on hackers.
1712. Bank of America had to charge their members checking fees unlike Chase since they are feeling the pains of poor economic times.
1713. Bank of America had to charge their members checking fees unlike Chase since they are not struggling in the current economy.
1714. Space Marines are played more often than Orks, so they are always the most played at tournaments.
1715. Space Marines are played more often than Orks, but they are noticed more often at tournaments due to their uniqueness.
1716. Males always outnumber females at Comic Con since they are generally more interested in games and comics.
1717. Males always outnumber females at Comic Con since they generally take less interest in things that are considered nerdy.
1718. Video games are outselling movies because they are fun to play.
1719. Snooki got angry at Kendra since she would not emotionally support her in her time of need.
1720. Snooki got angry at Kendra since she is upset that her friend would not comfort her.
1721. The airline unions constantly go on strike against the airlines because they want better salaries.
1722. The airline unions constantly go on strike against the airlines because they do not care for the employees.
1723. Sprint is now selling the IPhone just like Verizon, because they want to also attract customers who are fans of the IPhone.
1724. Sprint is now selling the IPhone just like Verizon, because they were crushing them in new customers due to this particular phone.
1725. Pirates are always compared to ninjas, but they prefer to fight at sea.
1726. Pirates are always compared to ninjas, but they are more specific to Japanese culture.
1727. Intel sued IntelSpec since they are trying to protect their trademark name.
1728. Intel sued IntelSpec since they happen to have a trademarked brand in their company name.
1729. Video games are outselling movies because they are an old medium.
1730. The bartenders threw ice at the Jersey Shore cast because they did not not like them in their club.
1731. The bartenders threw ice at the Jersey Shore cast because they were not wanted in the club.
1732. The government wanted to issue weapons to the US border patrol, so they asked the Congress to approve the budget on weapons.
1733. The government wanted to issue weapons to the US border patrol, since they need them to patrol effectively.
1734. Doctor Jenner continued his work on a vaccine for John, but he is not have much success.
1735. Doctor Jenner continued his work on a vaccine for John because he has a deadly disease.
1736. Officer Kennedy saved Roger from the criminals because he upholds the peace.
1737. Officer Kennedy saved Roger from the criminals, but he was not grateful for being saved.
1738. The Board of Directors fired the management from the company since they did not think they were doing a good job.
1739. The Board of Directors fired the management from the company since they were not managing the company well.
1740. Google bought Motorola because they want its customer base.
1741. The employees of Six Flags denied the customers access to the ride since they deemed the ride unsafe.
1742. The employees of Six Flags denied the customers access to the ride, but they can still go on other rides.
1743. Field Reporter Chris Johnson interviewed Corporal Mason since he needs to get the story for the media.
1744. Field Reporter Chris Johnson interviewed Corporal Mason because he can provide information from fighting on the front line.
1745. The Cowboys formed a trailer defense against the Indians since they have a better chance of surviving.
1746. The Cowboys formed a trailer defense against the Indians since they are about to attack.
1747. Raccoons constantly play dead when people come near since they hope they will be ignored.
1748. Raccoons constantly play dead when people come near because they frighten them.
1749. The Minecraft developers managed to win their case regarding copyright infringement against Bethesda Studios since they did not violate any laws.
1750. The Minecraft developers managed to win their case regarding copyright infringement against Bethesda Studios, but they will probably file another lawsuit again.
1751. Google bought Motorola because they were bankrupt.
1752. Batman is always teaching Robin new techniques and tips, since he is his mentor.
1753. Batman is always teaching Robin new techniques and tips so he will one day be equal in skill.
1754. Penguins tend to stay on land to avoid killer whales, because they cannot go on land.
1755. Penguins tend to stay on land to avoid killer whales, but they do need to go in the water for food at times.
1756. The forensic team managed to link the criminals to the crime since they analyzed the blood samples at the crime scene.
1757. The forensic team managed to link the criminals to the crime, so they are now going to go to prison.
1758. Clark Kent hides his identity from Lex Luthor since he wishes to keep his loved ones safe.
1759. Clark Kent hides his identity from Lex Luthor because he wants to find out who this masked hero is.
1760. Police sweep bums off the benches of the park since they need to enforce the law of no sleeping in the park overnight.
1761. Police sweep bums off the benches of the park although they do not have a place to stay and sleep at night.
1762. Sam cheated Sally but she did not cry.
1763. The Swiss bank freezed the accounts of a crime syndicate because they were helping law enforcement catch the criminals.
1764. The Swiss bank freezed the accounts of a crime syndicate because they had fraudulent money deposited in their account.
1765. Steve Urkel was always annoying Carl Winslow in the show, "Family Matters", but he still liked him regardless.
1766. Steve Urkel was always annoying Carl Winslow in the show, "Family Matters", because he is quite annoying by nature.
1767. Blackberry alienated a lot of users because they blacked out their service due to technical difficulties.
1768. Blackberry alienated a lot of users because they were angered by the service being taken down for days.
1769. Groupon lied about their earnings to the stakeholders since they wanted to keep the value of the company high.
1770. Groupon lied about their earnings to the stakeholders, but they found out about the deception.
1771. NATO forces did precision predator strikes for the Libyan rebels since they had the predator vehicles.
1772. NATO forces did precision predator strikes for the Libyan rebels because they did not have the capabilities themselves.
1773. Sam cheated Sally but she did not repent.
1774. Jimbo attacked Bobbert because he stole an elephant from the zoo.
1775. Jim Carrey convinced Jeff to travel with him to Aspen, since he wanted to have a travel buddy to visit his girlfriend.
1776. Jim Carrey convinced Jeff to travel with him to Aspen, since he had wanted to travel to Aspen for a long time.
1777. Shawn Jun performed a huge upset over four time champion Leon Sung but he still received a large sum of money for being a runner up.
1778. Shawn Jun performed a huge upset over four time champion Leon Sung because he has more desire to win.
1779. Channel 6 news team gave a play by play coverage of the escaped convicts because they needed to report the news.
1780. Channel 6 news team gave a play by play coverage of the escaped convicts, so they had their escape reported to the world.
1781. The preservation society managed to rescue a rare species of birds since they have the funding and resources to dedicate to saving animals.
1782. The preservation society managed to rescue a rare species of birds so they will have the chance to survive.
1783. Scrooge was moved by the appearance of Timmy because he felt bad for the crippled, nice boy.
1784. Scrooge was moved by the appearance of Timmy since he has an effect on people due to him being crippled and loving.
1785. Keith fired Blaine but he did not regret.
1786. Butters wanted to steal the movie Spiderman from Kenny, but he did not want to be perceived as a thief.
1787. Butters wanted to steal the movie Spiderman from Kenny because he would not lend it to him.
1788. Blockbuster increased the time allotted for customers to return videos since they were starting to lose business due to their strict policies.
1789. Blockbuster increased the time allotted for customers to return videos, so they would not be able to rent videos out quicker now.
1790. The ski instructors taught the children the basics of skiing since they are trying to learn.
1791. The ski instructors taught the children the basics of skiing because they have much experience to share and teach.
1792. Lucy gave a tutorial on how to install IOS 5 to Cindy because she is not very technologically savvy.
1793. Lucy gave a tutorial on how to install IOS 5 to Cindy since she is familiar with software upgrades.
1794. Samsonite makes luggage which is highly rated by Luggage Ratings Inc. since they make a quality and good looking product.
1795. Samsonite makes luggage which is highly rated by Luggage Ratings Inc. because they thought the product they rated was highly desirable due to its quality.
1796. Keith fired Blaine even though he is diligent.
1797. The FBI usually take over the crime scene from the police since they are more qualified in handling these situations.
1798. The FBI usually take over the crime scene from the police because they sometimes need help to investigate the crime.
1799. The NSA sent their agents in the field to retrieve intelligence, but they were not able to gather the intelligence for them.
1800. The NSA sent their agents in the field to retrieve intelligence because they need people in the field to do the field work.
1801. The Mavericks are able to sell much merchandise to fans this season since they are idolized due to their last NBA championship win.
1802. The Mavericks are able to sell much merchandise to fans this season, and they just want it since they are the hottest team at the moment.
1803. Rammstein performed their latest hit single to the masses of Germany since they wanted to perform for this native country first.
1804. Rammstein performed their latest hit single to the masses of Germany because they wanted to hear their newest masterpieces.
1805. Western Digital may disappoint their shareholders this season since they have slowed down production in their Thailand factories due to flooding.
1806. Western Digital may disappoint their shareholders this season, but they will probably tough out the momentary losses and remain shareholders.
1807. The storm delayed the flight as it was very dangerous.
1808. Black Eyed Peas hosted a huge event for the partners of Intel, since they have lots of money to hire them to perform.
1809. Black Eyed Peas hosted a huge event for the partners of Intel while they also perform for many other events.
1810. The graduate students spend every waking moment studying for their classes since they offer much knowledge and tests as part of their itinerary.
1811. The graduate students spend every waking moment studying for their classes, but they still need to devote time to friends and family as well.
1812. Santa Claus and his elves distributed millions of presents worldwide to the children of the world, because they wish to reward those who behaved.
1813. Santa Claus and his elves distributed millions of presents worldwide to the children of the world, but they do not all believe in them being able to give presents worldwide in a night.
1814. The construction company could not rezone the area due to endangered butterflies because they are in danger of being wiped out if their environment is ruined.
1815. The construction company could not rezone the area due to endangered butterflies since they could not violate state law and endanger a species.
1816. Harrison looked into illegal accusations against his partner, Bryan, because he needed to know if these allegations would hurt his business.
1817. Harrison looked into illegal accusations against his partner, Bryan, but he may of been falsely accused.
1818. The storm delayed the flight as it was going over the ocean.
1819. UPS provides much convenience to the customers with their drop off service since they make the shipping of packages extremely easy.
1820. UPS provides much convenience to the customers with their drop off service so they are encouraged to bring their packages in more often.
1821. The lifeguards evacuated the swimmers from the public pool since they needed to clean the pool.
1822. The lifeguards evacuated the swimmers from the public pool because they were in danger of getting sick from human wastes in the water.
1823. Will Smith and his new movie is highly anticipated by movie critic, John Billic, because he has thus far been a huge hit.
1824. Will Smith and his new movie is highly anticipated by movie critic, John Billic, because he felt his role was well played in the previous movies.
1825. The Texas Rangers lost the World Series to the Cardinals because they were outplayed in two of the most important games in the series.
1826. The Texas Rangers lost the world series to the Cardinals since they had a stronger desire to win the series.
1827. Uncharted 3 did not introduce any new ideas since their last game, Uncharted 2, so it ended up getting lukewarm reviews by game critics.
1828. Uncharted 3 did not introduce any new ideas since their last game, Uncharted 2, but it is still going to be a fun game.
1829. John flicked Bill because he saw a fly on his shirt.
1830. The Stars did not have many viewers watching the game last Friday since they were all watching the World Series instead.
1831. The Stars did not have many viewers watching the game last Friday because they were playing at the same time as the World Series.
1832. Herman Cain has been rising in the polls, causing concern for Rick Perry, since he has been appealing to a wider audience.
1833. Herman Cain has been rising in the polls, causing concern for Rick Perry, but he does not believe this rise in popularity will sustain.
1834. The government has made about 30 percent of the requests for censoring classified materials to Google, but they have not complied with all of them.
1835. The government has made about 30 percent of the requests for censoring classified materials to Google, because they did not want this information to be widely available to the public.
1836. The United Federation of Worlds attempts to bring civilization and rule to the population of millions of planets, since they need a centralized government to maintain order.
1837. The United Federation of Worlds attempts to bring civilization and rule to the population of millions of planets, because they want to unite the planets under the same rules.
1838. The peace emissaries arrived to negotiate a peace treaty for the warring population, since they wish to assist in ending the war.
1839. The peace emissaries arrived to negotiate a peace treaty for the warring population, but they will be difficult to find common ground for.
1840. John flicked Bill because he had a fly on his shirt.
1841. Technician Stepanic crafted advanced opticals for Leforge since he needed to be able to see well for his duties.
1842. Technician Stepanic crafted advanced opticals for Leforge, but he would still prefer to see without such devices.
1843. LA Galaxy is constantly seeking famous players to fill their ranks, because they are trying to obtain high profile players to incite popularity into the team.
1844. LA Galaxy is constantly seeking famous players to fill their ranks, but they are constantly sought after by many teams with offers.
1845. Youtube has paid out over a million dollars to their channel partners, because they are responsible for bringing millions of viewers to watch their videos.
1846. Youtube has paid out over a million dollars to their channel partners, since they want to reward those who bring more users to their website.
1847. Peter managed to win the lottery and loaned money to Rick, because he has enough money to freely loan to his friends.
1848. Peter managed to win the lottery and loaned money to Rick, but he will pay him back.
1849. The shipping company harvests lobster for their business, because they receive a high demand for this type of seafood.
1850. The shipping company harvests lobster for their business, since they are considered an exquisite meal.
1851. The zombies chased the survivors because they were hungry.
1852. Peter Griffin often pokes fun at Chris, so he always ends up being angry.
1853. Peter Griffin often pokes fun at Chris, because he enjoys doing it.
1854. Apple indicated that the Siri program would not be available for previous IPhones because they do not have the capabilities to run such a program.
1855. Apple indicated that the Siri program would not be available for previous IPhones, but they were proven wrong when hackers were successful.
1856. Commissioner Gordon has to constantly call upon Batman because he is not able to stop the criminals himself.
1857. Commissioner Gordon has to constantly call upon Batman since he is an extremely efficient crime fighter.
1858. Kim Kardashian has already followed in the steps of Demi Moore and getting divorced, because she also could not come to terms with her husband.
1859. Kim Kardashian has already followed in the steps of Demi Moore and getting divorced, but she would not want people to experience her same sadness.
1860. Saturday Night Live often has politicians as one of their main centers of attention since they are what viewers want to see joked about.
1861. Saturday Night Live often has politicians as one of their main centers of attention because they want to keep viewers entertained.
1862. The zombies chased the survivors because they were tasty.
1863. Modern Warfare has big expectations to live up to due to the successful release of Battlefield 3 since they need to pull fans to their game instead.
1864. Modern Warfare has big expectations to live up to due to the successful release of Battlefield 3 since they already have a solid grasp on many players that would consider purchasing a new similar game.
1865. The Crusaders fought many unholy enemies because they viewed their crusade as their divine right.
1866. The Crusaders fought many unholy enemies since they were considered unholy by the priests.
1867. Some citizens of the kingdom were put in chains by the royal guard since they have been accused of breaking the law.
1868. Some citizens of the kingdom were put in chains by the royal guard because they have a duty to uphold the King's rule.
1869. Knight Commander Roddick was plagued by a vision of his dead son, so he became crazy from being reminded constantly.
1870. Knight Commander Roddick was plagued by a vision of his dead son because he was killed due to a lack of protection from his father.
1871. The wolves attacked the travelers in the forest since they were not welcomed near their home.
1872. The wolves attacked the travelers in the forest, but they managed to escape unscathed.
1873. Medvedev will cede the presidency to Putin because he is more popular.
1874. Buy More Book Store sends brand new books to customers, but they sometimes end up sending used books instead.
1875. Buy More Book Store sends brand new books to customers because they like quality in the books they read.
1876. Master Wong had to come to the defense of his pupil, Lun-Xiu, since he managed to anger numerous thugs.
1877. Master Wong had to come to the defense of his pupil, Lun-Xiu, but he is not confident he can defeat so many opponents.
1878. Heath Ledger was considered the greatest Joker of all time by Ebert, because the way he depicted the character gave chills to the audience.
1879. Heath Ledger was considered the greatest Joker of all time by Ebert, but he cannot make that decision for all critics.
1880. Merchant Smith purchased the trophy from Knight Louis, but he did not pay very well for it.
1881. Merchant Smith purchased the trophy from Knight Louis because he desperately needed the money.
1882. Entertainmart has to win over the consumers with their low prices, or they will most likely go out of business.
1883. Entertainmart has to win over the consumers with their low prices because they are the ones that contribute to making a business successful.
1884. Medvedev will cede the presidency to Putin because he is less popular.
1885. Jimbo attacked Bobbert because he could not control his rage.
